Quamtotius Purgamentum
(a.k.a. A Load of Balls)


Story

		Garrett's evil twin brother Barratt has grassed up our hero to Sheriff Gorman Truart who has seen to it that Garrett will spend the next few years
		doing a little bird. Quelle horreur! Our hero's weapons have all been taken away except for a few items he has been able to secrete about his 
		person. What is Barratt's motive for this foul and heinous deed? Who knows, Barratt must have just suckled from the wrong breast! He is 
		everything Garrett is not, loud, unpleasant 	and rich. Fortunately our hero has been able to make some rather impressive lockpicks from a 
		hairpin and a paperclip he found on the floor of his cell. Time to escape. Tonight when all the guards are asleep would be perfect....... but oh 
		no, that sneaky Barratt, there's a huge hole in the floor, arrrrggggghhhhhhhhhh.......

		Thanks to everyone who helped me with this effort and to NV, Targa, sluggs and RSoul for the total misuse of their wonderful objects. Also thank you to everyone
		whose ideas I stole. I am a thief and I hang my head in shame. But what the hell it's only a bit of fun! 

		Please don't be nasty about my FM or I will set my mum on you. She is quite scary.

		This level is ©2006 by its author. Anyone who distributes this level without my permission is a real meany. 

		This level was not made by and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.


		No animals or children were harmed during the construction of this FM. However one zombie did cut his finger and needed a plaster.


		Press Comments Following The Release of Quamtotius Purgamentum

		The Times - "... Labour back controversial fan mission... the way forward says Blair..."
		The Telegraph - "... Cameron lambasts violence and prejudice towards undead... hug a zombie today urges Dave..."
		The Mirror - " ... the biggest and best in gaming history..."
		The Express - "Lady Diana Spencer may have played Quamtotius Purgamentum on the night of her murder."
		Fox News - "George Bush was today elected president in the elections of 2010."
		The Daily Mail - "Immigrants threaten future of TTLG!"
		The Sun - "Cor, what a scorcher! Garrett 20 Zombies 0! Zombie chest (just the torso) on Page 3."
		The Daily Mail Theatre Critic - "Triumphant! A tour de force!"
		The Grauniad - "Loved the exploding nimbies!"
		Rev. Spooner - "A fine display of gauls and bards."
		Yorkshire News - "Formby artist donates paintings."
