Exile
(Being Thief 2)



Playing Information:

Author: Szabo Csaba @ Sensut
Game: Thief II - The Metal Age 1.21 (New Dark)
Title: Exile (Being Thief 2)
Language support: English
Version: 1.2


Contact: csabisensut@gmail.com
Released: 06 April 2014.
Updated: 11 April 2014.



This mission requires New Dark v.1.21 with the "new mantle" feature enabled!
It is recommended that you play with FM Selector as Darkloader may cause rendering problems!

Known bugs:
- The background environment sometimes has some deficiencies when viewed from rooftops. 
- Using Darkloader may cause water rendering glitches. 
- Distant patrols sometimes fall from the air.
- If the objectives "Don't let civilians see your weapons and don't harm or alert them!" in part 1 and "Make sure no one notices you!" in part 2 show as inactive at the end instead of complete, you can consider them complete. 



Custom scripts:

Telliamed (tnhScript 2.1.0.0);
VKGaylesaver (script 1.2.0);
Nameless Voice (nvscript 1.2.3);
LGS’ T2 Gen (version 27 March, 2000);
LGS’ T2 Convict (version 27 March, 2000).


Custom motions by Shadowspawn and Zontik.


Custom objects, skins, textures:

Shadowspawn, Cosas Team, Lord Alan, Christine, Purgator, Jason Otto, Eshaktaar, Pinkdot, Redleaf, Schwaa, Dark Arrow, Zontik, Syi, Sluggs, Dhin, R Soul, Zappen, Greenhorn, Nameless Voice, Saturnine, Targa, TDBonko, Nielsen74, Vurt, Yandros, LarryG, Daraan, G'len, The Watcher, Intruder, Elvis, C-Beam, Xorak, Necrobob, Wille and T2X.


Additional ambients:

Vozrozhdeniya, Dereleech, Ego Ex Nihil, Atrium Carceri, Franz Bak, Michael Ortega.


Translations, text editions:

Nightwalker
Nickie
Bernie.


Beta testers:

Nickie, Nightwalker, prjames, skacky, Kurhhan, ffox, Ravenhook, Zoro, sycamoyr, Zaya_Ayame, bikerdude.

Special thanks to Nickie, Nightwalker and ffox for the included lootlist.




This FM is © by  Sensut.

Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package
is kept intact.
You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission.
No one may edit and re-distribute this mission without my express permission.
This level was not made and is not supported by
Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
