Composed by Fredrik Sundström University of Linköping, Linköping, Sweden and Samuel H. Gruber Bimini Biological Field Station, Bahamas and University of Miami, Miami, Florida USA 33149

1	FS did the literature search at the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences, University of Miami and wrote the manuscript during 1996-1999 at the offices in Eskilstuna, Jönköping, Uppsala, and Göteborg Sweden.


Summary	2
Introduction	2
Comments on the literature	3
Reviews	3
Classification	4
Distribution	4
Relation to humans	4
Attacks	4
Repellents	4
Utilization	5
Morphology	5
Body structure	5
Morphometric data	6
Dentition	6
Coloration	8
Physiology	8
Electroencephalogram	8
Metabolism	9
Metabolic rates	9
Oxygen consumption	9
Energy consumption	10
Bioenergetics	11
Respiratory rate	11
Heart rate	11
Reproductive hormones	11
Blood parameters	12
Immunology	13
Pathology	14
Diseases	14
Sense organs	15
Vision	15
Morphology of the ocular adnexa and organ	15
Visual perception	16
Sensitivity	16
Auditory	18
Auditory organs	18
Hearing	18
Olfaction	19
Olfactory organ	19
Ecology	21
Reproduction	21
Reproductive strategy	21
Maturity	21
Embryology	21
Home range	22
Habitat selection	22
Population dynamics	22
Age and growth	23
Growth rate	23
Aging and tetracycline validation	23
Food and feeding	24
Feeding mechanism	24
Feeding habits	25
Ecological energetics	26
Behavior	26
Learning	26
Social behavior	27
Rhythms	27
Activity	27
Feeding	28
Swimming behavior	28
Speed	28
Bursts	29
Mechanics	29
Reproductive behavior	29
Tonic immobility	29
Need for more	29
Acknowledgments	29
References	29

Summary
Sharks are a poorly known group of animals. Studies on sharks are generally difficult to conduct and thus relatively few have been done. One exception is the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris which has become one of the best known and most intensely studied elasmobranch fishes. The lemon shark belongs to the order Carcharhiniformes and to the largest carcharhiniform family, the Carcharhinidae. It is widely distributed in the Atlantic Ocean, primarily in the western region and on the eastern side of the Pacific Ocean. The lemon shark is a typical carcharhinid but is easily recognized from all others by its nearly equal-sized dorsal fins and by its yellowish color from which its name is derived. The main food items of the lemon shark are bony and cartilaginous fishes and to a much lesser extent, crustaceans and mollusks. It is seldom reported in attacks on humans yet lemon sharks have been subjected to a variety of tests with shark repellents. The lemon shark is a commercial species and most of the shark can be utilized for meat, fins, liver oil, hides, fertilizer and fish meal. The lemon shark is considered a nocturnal or crepuscular predator which cruises at swimming speeds of around 0.3-0.4 body lengths per second. The species appears to be far-sighted but able to discriminate between colors. Less is known about olfaction and hearing but several studies have been done. Reproduction takes place in spring and early summer with 4 to 17 young being produced. The following spring, parturition takes place in shallow, mangrove fringed, grass flats. Site attached juveniles aggregate into groups of up to 25 individual. The shark grows slowly, probably due to small daily ration and slow digestion. It attains a maximum size of around 300 cm and lives to about 50 years of age. When lemon sharks first mature at about 12 years of age they leave the shallow flats and migrate to deeper water where they can be found on reefs and to depths of 100m. Little is known about the habits of adults
Introduction
Despite the existence of about 370 species of sharks and their popularity with the general public, relatively little scientific information about them has been published (Compagno 1984). The main chondrichthyan fossils are teeth, fin spines, and placoid scales which can be very difficult to interpret. Despite this, the fossils record shows that chondrichthyan fishes have existed for at least 360 and perhaps 400 million years. Over time they have radiated and declined in several episodes until the modern period when they evolved into a small but very diverse group of animals. 
The study of sharks in their natural environment is complicated because of their size, behavior and the fact that they live in a relatively inaccessible and concealing medium. Most deep-sea sharks have never been seen alive. Most field studies have utilized ultrasonic telemetry to follow the sharks including the lemon shark (Nelson 1990). These devices can yield information on movement patterns, responses to environmental factors, internal thermal physiology, and behaviors such as schooling, swimming speed and territoriality.
Sharks are also difficult to keep in aquariums (Gruber and Keyes 1981; Gruber 1980). Several species grow to a large size and must swim continuously to extract oxygen from sea water. Thus, huge tanks are necessary to keep them alive. The sharks kept most successfully in captivity are mainly species that actively pump water over their gills and need not swim continuously. Although, large public aquariums have been utilized as study sites for some researchers, most of the scientific work has been done in the laboratory
As noted, the lemon shark, one of a few relatively well-known elasmobranch species has often been the subject of research in the laboratory. Lemon sharks are relatively easy to catch and can survive the rigors of capture, transport and handling. Since they can actively pump water over their gills, they need not swim constantly and thus can be kept in smaller aquariums. Several studies have been done in the laboratory on lemon sharks, smaller than 1 meter in length (i.e. Gruber 1982a and 1982b). 
Despite the problem with size, a few studies have been done on larger specimens of the lemon shark in captivity i.e. Clark (1959) Webb & Keyes (1982). 
For reasons mentioned above, few field studies have been done on the larger specimens, e.g. Gruber et al (1988), Sundström (1997), Correia et al (1996).
Comments on the literature
The material reported herein has been found by searching literature databases, then following up references given in the individual papers. Not all papers were available to the authors. Several books have been written about aquatic animals, fishes and sharks in general which include references to the lemon shark. However we have relied, to a large extent on the primary literature and have avoided general texts. With brevity in mind we have concentrated on direct information about the lemon shark and have not dealt with comparative information. Therefore this review is not comprehensive and should be considered primarily as a guide to the literature covering one of the most studied elasmobranch species.
The reason that the lemon shark has become so widely studied is probably its capability to survive in captivity. As it is also abundant and lives in shallow areas it is easily caught. With a size at birth of 50-60 cm it is also well sized for keeping in captivity. Thus numerous studies have been conducted in the laboratory. Following the increase in use of ultrasonic telemetry it has also become possible to study larger specimens in the field. Still very little is known about the habits of adults. With continuous development in the area of telemetry more and more variables can be collected with these devices and possibly new techniques will arise that makes it possible also to follow the sharks when they are migrating over longer distances, which is one of the main reasons to why the adult are poorly known. Even though the lemon sharks is relatively well studied species there is a great lack of published information on specimens from the eastern Atlantic and eastern Pacific. Almost all research is based on specimens taken at or near the Florida Keys or Bahamas. Little is known about other populations and the authors have found no reports on specimens taken along the African coast. A few studies have been conducted in Sea World in San Diego, California, of which one can suspect that specimens from the Pacific population has been used at least in some cases.
As it looks today, the lemon shark will continue to be one of the most used study subjects with several in-going projects, e.g. Sonny Gruber at Bimini Islands, Robert Hueter in the JASON project. 
Reviews
Some detailed reviews on the lemon shark have been written while some reviews have been more or less based on knowledge from the lemon shark. Only the ones where information on the lemon shark has contributed significantly to the report will be mentioned.
One of the first papers published about the lemon shark was Eugenie Clark’s study on instrumental conditioning (Clark 1959). She showed that the lemon sharks were able to learn various tasks and could be conditioned to respond to a bell. This pioneering work led to the use of conditioning in studies on vision and hearing and in the late 70-ties Sonny Gruber summarized over 10 years of his own research in a series of papers on the vision in sharks (Gruber 1975, 1977a, 1977b). Together with Joel Cohen he wrote an extensive summary on the visual system of elasmobranchs covering most of the research conducted between 1960-1975 (Gruber and Cohen 1978). Continuing his work on vision Gruber together with Bob Hueter summarized their new findings on the lemon shark in the laboratory between 1978 to 1980 (Hueter and Gruber 1982). Then it took almost a decade before the next summary on vision appeared with Hueter discussing the adaptations for spatial vision in sharks (Hueter 1991). 
In the early 80-ties Gruber began focusing more on the ecology of the lemon shark with emphasis on energetical aspects. An extensive program consisting of both field and laboratory studies on food, consumption, metabolism and growth studies were initiated and some preliminary results from this program are summarized in Gruber (1982 a, b). The results obtained in the program have eventually resulted in numerous publications. One of these is a paper focusing on the bioenergetics of the juvenile lemon shark in which a balanced bioenergetics equation was presented (Gruber 1984). This paper was based on preliminary results from the program. As the information given in these last three papers are all from the initial stage of the program and are to be considered preliminary, only the results not later published have been reported herein. 
At this time another technique for studying shark became popular- the use of ultrasonic telemetry. In Gruber’s program and in several later studies this technique was utilized extensively. The use of ultrasonic telemetry in elasmobranch studies was summarized by Don Nelson (1990) and the lemon showed to be one of the most telemetered species. Since then ultrasonic telemetry have been used in numerous studies on lemon shark behavior (e.g. Correia 1995, Morrissey and Gruber 1993a, 1993b, Thomassen 1996)  as well as energetics (Sundström 1997). Shark behavior has been summarized by Sonny Gruber and Arthur Myrberg (1977).
In 1990 Brad Wetherbee, Sonny Gruber and Enric Cortes reviewed much of the literature on diet, feeding, digestion and consumption in sharks with special reference to the their own research and others on the lemon shark (Wetherbee et al 1990).
From many years of experience of keeping the lemons in captivity Gruber (1980, 1981) gave recommendations for how to capture, transport and care for sharks in order to have them survive in the laboratory. A more generalized paper on the maintenance of sharks in captivity was published by Clark already 1963 (Clark 1963).
More generalized reviews on sharks are Gruber (1983) dealing with repellents.
Through the years many people have exploited the lemon shark to obtain their masters degree (Gruber 1966, Hueter 1980, Finck 1980, Bushnell 1982, Cortes 1987, Wetherbee 1988, Henningsen 1989, Sundström 1997) or doctor’s degree (Nelson 1965, Moss 1966, Gruber 1969, Graeber 1972, Beulig 1974, Scarfe 1980, Cohen 1980, Hueter 1988, Scharold 1989, Morrissey 1991). Most probably there are more thesis of which the authors are not aware of.
To the authors’ knowledge no books except for Eugenie Clark’s The Lady and the Shark (1979) and Lady with a spear (?)  have been written about the lemon shark in particular. These books summarized several years of studies on learning and conditioning. But as one of the most studied elasmobranch species the lemon shark is difficult not mention in a book about sharks.
Most of the subjects that has been extensively studied have also been reviewed. One noticeable exception of this is the lack of a reviewing paper on hearing. The amount of information provided by Beulig, Banner, Nelson and others surely justifies the compiling of a synopsis on hearing in the lemon shark. 
Classification 
The scientific name of the lemon shark is Negaprion brevirostris. It is one of two species in the genus Negaprion. The other species is the sickle fin lemon shark, Negaprion acutidens. The most prominent difference between the two species is the more falcate fins of Negaprion acutidens. In young individuals less than 0.7 m both species lack serrations on the blades of the teeth in the upper jaw. In specimens larger than 1.4 Negaprion acutidens only has weak serrations while Negaprion brevirostris has regular and strong serrations on the blades in the upper jaw. The number of vertebrae in Negaprion brevirostris are also less than for Negaprion acutidens, 197-206 and 224-227 respectively. 
The genus Negaprion, meaning ”not-serrated”, is classified to the family Carcharhinidae and order Carcharhiniformes. The two Negaprion species are easily distinguished from other Carcharhinids in having a second dorsal fin almost as large as the first. The only other Carcharhinid with almost equal sized dorsal fins is the broadfin shark (Lamiopsis temmincki) which has a longer snout, i.e. the preoral length is equal to mouth width while it in the two Negaprion species is much less than mouth width. Negaprion acutidens and Lamiopsis temmincki are also differentiated from Negaprion brevirostris by non-overlapping ranges.
The genus Negaprion was first described by Whitley (in Compagno 1984) in 1940 using a holotype specimen named Aprionodon acutidens queenslandicus which is a junior synonym of the N. acutidens. The sickle fin lemon shark has been attributed several other scientific synonyms, e.g. Mystidens innominatus and Hemigaleops forsteri as well as several vernacular names, e.g. Sharp-toothed shark, South Pacific lemon shark, Pacific lemon shark and Arava. Total 11 nominal species have been described of which most are synonyms with N. acutidens. The lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris, which was described by Poey in 1868(in Compagno 1984), has also been referred to as Hypoprion brevirostris and Carcharias fronto and sometimes with vernacular names such as Atlantic lemon shark. The type locality for N. brevirostris is Cuba but the holotype is not known. The name Negaprion fronto is sometimes used for the eastern Pacific lemon shark but this is probably the same species as the western Atlantic and thus should be considered as a synonym. The identification of the eastern Atlantic Negaprion requires confirmation. (Compagno 1984). 
Distribution 
The two Negaprion species occur in different localities. N. acutidens is reported from Africa’s east coast, ranging from the Red Sea down to the eastern parts of South Africa, along the coast of India and southeast Asia, around Indonesia and the northerly coast of Australia. The eastern most distribution is the Polynesia in the mid Pacific.  N. brevirostris is commonly found in the Western Atlantic, (New Jersey to southern Brazil, Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, Bahamas), Eastern north Atlantic including Senegal and the Ivory Coast and is occasionally found in the tropical Eastern Pacific, from Southern Baja California and the Gulf of California to Ecuador (Compagno 1984; Springer 1950). The lemon shark is an inshore species inhabiting shallow waters around coral keys, mangrove fringes, around docks, on sand or coral mud bottoms, in saline creeks, in enclosed sounds or bays, and in river mouths. It may enter fresh water but has not been found far up in rivers (Compagno 1984). Occasionally it ventures into the open ocean and has been found down to at least 90 meters (Springer 1950).
Relation to humans 
Attacks 
The size, powerful jaw, tooth structure and habitat (shallow, near shore marine, brackish and fresh waters) makes the lemon shark a potentially dangerous species. But, as are most sharks , the lemon shark is rather shy and large animals are not its normal prey, Thus it rarely bothers humans. Attacks are almost always provoked by the human and are triggered after the shark has been disturbed i.e. when hooked on a line, harpooned or accosted by divers or anglers. Baiting with fish underwater and spear fishing can result in close approaches by these sharks. Biologists and anglers have often been bitten by this species which can be quite pugnacious when provoked, handled or restrained. In the Shark Attack File the lemon shark is cited as the attacker in 6 cases (Baldridge 1974 in Hueter and Gruber 1982).
Repellents 
Although the lemon shark rarely attacks humans, it never the less has been used for testing shark repellents on account of its adaptability as a research subject. In a study of eight different surfactants including the natural toxin, pardaxin from the Moses sole, Pardachirus marmoratus, the most effective detergent in repelling lemon sharks was sodium-dodecyl-sulfate (SDS) (Gruber and Zlotkin 1982). The other six substances (ethoxylated (20)-sorbitan-monolaurate, ethoxylated (23)-lauryl-alcohol, deca-glycerol-monooleate, ethoxylated (100)-stearate, a mixture of steroidic glycosides and iso-octyl-phenoxy-polyethoxy-ethanol) did not elicit aversive behavior in the sharks. When 10 mg ml-1 of pardaxin or 0.8 mg ml-1 of SDS was injected through a syringe while the shark grasped a piece of bait the shark responded by rapidly leaving the feeding area, adjusting gills, or showing obvious signs of stress such as changes in coloration. In the same study with the same substances the sharks were also induced to enter tonic immobility (TI) when the test substance was injected into their buccal cavities. The termination of the TI was used as an indication of effective repellence. Again the SDS showed best effects being four times as effective as PMC in terminating TI. In a later study the sharks sank to the bottom, strongly contracting and expending their buccal cavity when exposed to concentration of >5 mg ml-1 of the more effective repellents (Zlotkin and Gruber 1984). As in the former study the SDS proved to be most repellent with lithium-dodecyl-sulfate (LDS) being almost as effective and pardaxin again close behind.
The lemon shark has also shown aversive reactions to holothurin, a toxin extracted from Cuvier’s glands of the sea cucumber Actinopyga agassizi, and to palytoxin, from the zoanthid Palythoa mammillosa (Hodgson 1981).  Holothurin in a concentration of 0.25 mM was shown to inhibit telencephalic EEG patterns possibly related to olfaction. The gill beats became more shallow with side-to-side head movements eventually resulting in the shark turning away from the source of the holothurin. If the shark was put in toxin-free sea water these effects were reversed after 15-60 minutes. However, with a ten-fold increase in concentration the effect were irreversible. The mechanism probably involved the blocking sodium ion transport in chemoreceptors. Also the palytoxin inhibits olfactory EEG patterns and elicits aversive behavior and head shaking.
Gruber (1983) gives an description on shark repellents and methodology mostly of which the lemon sharks was used as the study subject. How the shark’s behavior is used as indicator in combination with conditioned responses.
Utilization 
Besides thousands of lemon sharks that have been used for research purposes the species is also caught in recreational fishing and was reported as the 13th most common shark species in the US. recreational fishery (Casey and Hoey 1985). Commercially, it is often caught on long lines and the meat is dried, salted, or smoked. The fins fetch a very high price and serve as a soup base. The lemon shark is consumed in the USA and in the Central and South America (Rose 1996). The vitamin A content in the liver oil varies greatly but is a valuable contribution (Springer 1950).
The rough and heavy skin have made the lemon shark preferable among tanneries for the production of leather (Rose 1996).
The lemon sharks survive well in captivity and also breed there as was reported by Clark (1963). The lemon is a popular species in many large aquariums around the world. Clark (1963) reported on 10 different aquariums keeping the lemon for public display and also today its is popular e.g. Miami Seaquarium in Miami, Florida, The Aquarium of the Americas in New Orleans, Louisiana and Kolmårdens Tropikarium in Kolmården, Sweden. Gruber (1980) presented recommendations on how to increase the survival of sharks in captivity by proper capture, transport and maintenance. Most information was based on knowledge obtained from handling the lemon shark. The lemon sharks is best maintained at 25o C with salinity held between 28-31 ‰. The salinity being somewhat lower than ambient sea water helps to keep ectoparasites away. Care should be taken not to use water with high levels of copper ions.
One lemon shark was the study subject when testing a method of anesthetizing large elasmobranchs safely and rapidly (Gilbert et al 1957). A frequently used narcotic, MS222, was used. Due to the large size, the shark could not be totally immersed in a MS222 solution. Instead another method was developed where a 1 lit solution of 1/1000 of MS222 was introduced into the mouth of the shark and sprayed over the gill exits while holding the head of the shark above water. The shark is expected to be anesthetized after about a minute and lasting for 5-30 minutes before recovery. The recovery can be delayed by spraying more MS222 solution over the gills or hastened by washing fresh sea water over the gills.


Figure 1. Dosage of MS222 recommended to anesthetize a shark in 1 minute or less when sprayed over the gills.
Morphology
The body measurements of a shark can be somewhat confusing, especially the length. Most scientist agree on using the tip of the snout as one endpoint when measuring the body length. However the posterior endpoint is less obvious and three different ones are in use; the pit just anterior of the caudal fin which results in the length denoted precaudal length (PCL), the cleavage of the caudal fin giving the length denoted fork length (FL), and the tip of the upper fin lobe of the caudal fin which is called total length (TL). Each of the method has its advantage but may sometimes not be comparable. Lengths given in this paper are usually the ones that have been given in the original paper but have in a few occasions been converted from either PCL to TL or vice versa. In these cases the equation presented under Morphometric data has been used.
Body structure 
The lemon shark is a moderately large shark with a wide, flat head and a short and broadly rounded snout. The pectoral fins are large and wide; the two dorsal fins are about the same size. There are no spiracles and the gills slits are moderate with the last one or two over the base of the pectoral. The skin is comparatively heavy and the surface is rougher than in most Carcharhinus species. There is no ridge in the skin between the first and second dorsal fin and the dermal denticles are large and imbricate (Springer 1950).
In a 198 cm (PCL) big specimen the girth was 106 cm and the total body surface area was 15 660 cm2 (Musick et al 1990). Gruber and Stout (1983) examined 24 specimens (40.3-131.2 cm PCL) and found an average of 117 (range 110-121) body vertebrae. Compagno (1984) gives a range of 197-206 with no size given. As found for 15 other species of sharks from 5 families cartilage canals with a maximum diameter ranging from 120 to 200 um run in these vertebrae (Hoenig and Walsh 1982). Some of the canals have red blood cells or endothelial lining. Connective tissue or amorphous material surrounds a central lumen in some canals and immature chondrocytes are evident in the zone immediately adjacent to the canal lumen.
By placing a light source inside the buccal cavity of lemon sharks Gruber et al (1975a) found that in a special area of the head, directly over the end vesicle of the pineal organ, the skin permitted up to seven times more light to enter the brain cavity when compared to the surrounding tissue. This is probably to allow light to pass to the epiphysis indicating a structure similar to the parietal eye found in many reptiles.
At birth the claspers of the male are short and do not project beyond the tips of the pelvic fins. As the claspers grow relatively faster they will extend far beyond the fins at maturity.
Morphometric data
The relation between precaudal length and total length follows a straight line (Gruber and Stout 1983). With either of the lengths knows the other can be calculated according to
 
PCL=0.76*TL+2.85 (n=71;r2=0.99) (5) 

where PCL= precaudal length in cm and TL= total length in cm. The total length is measured from the tip of the snout to the tip of the upper caudal fin lobe. Precaudal length was measured as a straight line from the tip of the snout to the anterior edge of the pit just in front of the caudal fin.
The relation between the horizontal diameter (D) of the anterior face of the vertebrae centrum and the precaudal length (PCL) of the shark also follows a linear relation

D=0.13*PCL-0.86;	n=20, r2=0.99

as do the relation between anterioposterior vertebrae centrum length (L) and the precaudal (PCL) length of the shark 

L=0.08*PCL+0.16;	n=20, r2=0.97.

These lines are based on measurement on the 45th vertebrae (Gruber and Stout 1983).
The normal size range of the adult lemon sharks is 250-290 cm with females being slightly bigger than males (Brown and Gruber 1988; Gruber et al 1985; Springer 1950, Branstetter 1981) however sizes of up to 3 meters are not unusual (Clark and von Schmidt 1965) and a male measuring 368 cm was examined by Hueter and Gruber (1982).  At this size the shark would have a weight of approximately 300 kg calculated with the length-weight equation for the lemon shark

W=8.11*10-6*PCL3.08 (n=103, r=0.99)

where W is the weight in kilograms and PCL is the precaudal length in cm (Gruber 1984).
Detailed morphometric data are available in Clark and von Schmidt (1965) for seven mature females, two mature males and one immature male. Springer (1950) presents detailed data on three mature males, one subadult male, two young females and one male embryo.
Dentition 
According to Springer (1950) the teeth in both the upper and lower jaw have broad, crenulate or serrate bases with single high, narrow, unserrated cusps from which the genus takes its name ( Negaprion means "not serrated"). The serrations may be well-developed on blades of upper teeth in individuals 1.4 m long and larger (Compagno 1984). The tooth rows are 30 to 33 upper jaw and 29 to 33 lower jaw. 
The pattern of the teeth precludes simultaneous replacement of an entire functional tooth row (Moss 1967). Instead probably only a few teeth are replaced at any given time. The average replacement rate for a dental unit for young of the year sharks in captivity was about 8 days for fed sharks while starved sharks took on average about one day longer before replacement. However, the time between replacement for a particular unit may depend upon restrictions imposed by teeth in the neighboring dental units. There is some doubt that 8-day replacement rate is retained through life as the rate of somatic growth, based on the 8-day rate of tooth replacement was far greater than the curve obtained from actual measurements of tagged and recaptured lemon sharks (Brown and Gruber 1988). 
Moss (1967) measured the width of the fourth tooth from the jaw symphyses on each side in both the upper and lower jaw and plotted these against the body length. The relationship for the total of 68 teeth coming 20 sharks ranging in size from 54 cm to 165 cm seemed to be linear following

Tu=0.082*L+0.5 

for the upper jaw and

Tl=0.074*L-0.2

for the lower jaw where Tu is tooth width in mm in the upper jaw, Tl is tooth width in mm in the lower jaw and L is body length in cm.

Teeth are formed of secretory products from enamel secreting epithelial cells, the so-called ameloblastic vesicles. These secretory products are packed at the apical end of the ameloblasta in vesicles budded from Golgi membranes. The enameline matrix is filled with these secretions by filtering the vesicles through a basal lamina. The protein enameline is probably a major product of this ectodermal ameloblastic secretion. In the enameline matrix, the protein, enameline polymerizes and the teeth are formed (Kemp 1980). 
Kemp (1985) studied the relation between secretory products of ameloblasts and the pattern of mineralization of the enamel of shark’s teeth with transmission electron microscopy. The inner of a tooth consists of dental epithelium of columnar ameloblasts surrounding the enamel matrix covering the dental papilla. The enamel organ also includes two layers of squamous epithelial cells enclosing the ameloblasts, namely, the stratum intermedium and outer dental epithelium. 
Enameloid is a term used for the cap layer of fish to distinguish from the term enamel which is ectodermally derived in higher vertebrates. However whether the origin of enameloid in the lemon shark is from ectoderm, ectomesenchyme or from both is not known.
Nuclei of cells in both outer dental epithelium and stratum intermedium are flattened while nuclei of the ameloblasts are elongated and oriented radially with respect to the long axis of the tooth. Heterochromatin is concentrated along the nuclear membranes and in irregular patches within the nucleoplasm of cells in all three layers of the enamel organ. Mitochondria and endoplastic reticular membranes are widely dispersed in cells of the intermediate layer, but these organelles are largely eliminated and only a thin rim of cytoplasm remains in the outer dental epithelium.
Ameloblasts and intermediate cells are separated by peg-like protrusions of the ameloblasts. The ameloblastic vesicles destined for secretion are formed in the basal end of the nuclei where organelles for protein synthesis and production of secretory vesicles are endowed.
Bordering the basal lamina, the cell membrane at the apical end of ameloblasts is irregularly folded. Gaps between the apical ends of ameloblasts are filled with basal lamina material. Secretory ameloblastic vesicles accumulate toward the apical end of an ameloblast and may become clustered near the cell membrane. Secretion is accomplished by fusion of a vesicle to the cell membrane, rupture, and discharge of vesicular contents.
Beneath the basal lamina is the enameline matrix, which can be subdivided into four zones; juxta-laminar, pre-enamel, palisades, and interpalisadal zone. The juxta-laminar zone, calcifying zone,  is immediately  under the lamina and consists of granules and fibrils which have begun o mineralize by deposition of accompanying hydroxyapatite crystallites. Below this is the non-calcified pre-enamel zone which is the assembly area for precursor material of the two deeper-lying zones, the mineralized palisades and non-mineralized interpalisadal.
Crystallogenesis of the enamel crystallites begins early  in fibrillogenesis, for mineralizing fibrils contacting the basal lamina or embedded in it may already be accompanied by crystallites. Within the pre-enamel zone there are amorphous granular material and clusters of mineralizing fibrils which appear to be emigrating toward the mineralizing palisades. The morphology of the interpalisadal zone is similar to that of the pre-enamel zone. Amorphous material, unit fibrils, and giant fibers are present, but the latter reach their full potential for growth here. These giant fibers are banded about three times more than collagen fibers.
The study supports the supposition that all three kinds of fibrils in the enameline matrix- unit fibrils, giant fibrils, and mineralizing fibrils (tubules)- are products of ameloblastic secretion, polymerizing from a single protein pool or from two segregating pools.
The teeth mineralize in blocks called palisades because of their cross-sectional resemblance to a line of promontories. Odontoblastic processes extend into the palisades from odontoblasts along the outer border of the dental papilla and are embedded tightly within the matrix of mineralizing fibrils.

Skeleton
Endoskeletal tesserae are blocks of calcified tissue which contribute rigidity to the cartilaginous skeleton. Kemp and Westrin (1979) investigated the ultrastructure of the tesserae in tissue from the jaws and fins of a 40-cm lemon shark. The tesserae vary somewhat individually but are irregularly polygonal with a very rough outer surface. The sruface shows two distinctive features: (1) presence of globular excrescences or calcospherites, and (2) crystalline composition of the surface in the form of needle-like hydroxyapatite crystals like those of bone and dentine. The outer surface of the tesserae are virtually indistinguishable from those of basal plates of shark’s teeth with respect to both calcospheritic and crystalline appearance. Tesserae of the jaw were about as deep (0.1-0.2 mm) as they were wide.
It is not clear how the tesserae grow, but their surface morphology indicates that they expand in all directions, progressively adding mass on outer, inner and lateral surfaces as the skeleton grows. As they thicken, the tesserae become laminated. Although they abut against one another laterally, they remain partially separated by uncalcified cartilage and hence retain the potential for lateral expansion. 
Chondrocytes are immediately surrounded with a mottled gray-staining matrix, presumably composed of fine collagen fibrils interspersed with proteoglycans. Next to the chondrocytes is perichondrial matrix containing abundant coarse collagen fibrils. Due to the youth of the shark, only the beginning of calcification of the cap zone beneath the perichondrium was seen.  The chondrocyte is surrounded by a zone of uncalcified cartilage, the capsular zone. Outside this zone toward the interior of the tessera, the matrix is heavily calcified in the dense pattern characteristic of calcified cartilage. Calcification in the matrix toward the perichondrium, however, is proceeding in association with coarse collagen fibrils. Calcification is confined to the region of coarse fibrils, and some of the masses of hydroxyapatite crystals are elongated in the direction of the accompanying fibrils. It is significant that this type of mineralization occurs only on the outer border of the tessera in the region which will contribute to the cap zone. Coarse collagen fibrils are absent along the underside of the tessera where calcification of cartilage is in progress. As calcification progresses around chondrocytes entrapped within a tessera, the capsular zone diminishes and may be completely replaced by calcified cartilage. The cartilage matrix contains no coarse collagen fibrils but is mottled with dark proteoglycan granules.
Calcification is localized in matrix occupied by coarse collagen fibrils. Sites of early calcification are either rounded or elongate, apparantly in relation to the plane of section of the collagen fibrils with which they are associated. Matrix vesicles derived from chondrocytes may be sites of early calcification, but capsular zones around the cells are largely uncalcified.
Ceratotrichia in fins
The fins of sharks are supported bilaterally by large dermal fibers called ceratotrichia, homologues with the fibrous rays called actinotrichia that are localized a the distal ends of bony rays in teleosts. Ceratotrichia is a member of the collagen class of scleroproteins and vary with the size of the shark. They may be up to 30 cm in length and several mm wide in large sharks. Ceratotrichia are shiny and transparent, and may be yellowish or brownish in contrast to the white ordinary connectiv tissue surrouding them. They are spindle-shaped, tapering to fine points at either end. Their surfaces show longitudinal striations. Cross sections show peripheral grooves and layers of concentric lamellae. 
The distribution, structure and growth of ceratotrichia in the first dorsal fin of an approx. 40-cm lemon shark were studied by Kemp (1977). Ceratotrichia are large collagen fibers which develop in bilateral rows within the dermis. Each ceratotrichium is surrounded by a layer of peritrichial fibroblasts containing secretory vesicles, which appear to be the source of matrix constituents. The peritrichial matrix contains bundles of fine, unbanded collagen fibrils as well as larger, banded fibrils like those in the matrix of ordinary connective tissue. In cross section the ceratotrichia appear layered, evidently because of close packing of constituent fibrils in lamellae. In longitudinal section the certaotrichia exhibit the conventional a, b, c, d and e bands of collagen. The e bands show two distinct subbands, and the b abdns three subbands. Periodicity of the banding pattern is approximately 640 Å like that of conventional collagen fibrils.
The size varied measuring up to diameters of 200 um. The interior of the fin between the rows of ceratotrichia, as well as the outer portions of dermis between ceratotrichia and epidermis, is composed of ordinary connective tissue consisting of fibroblasts and a collagenous matrix. Fibroblasts around the ceratotrichia form a flattened peritrichial layer. Placoid scales are embedded in the dermis and protrude through the epidermis. 
Both conventional collagen fibrils and ceratotrichia are products of fibroblasts. Although the fibroblasts are dispersed throughout ordinary connective tissue, they surround the ceratotrichia in a pertrichial layer. Between peritrichial fibroblasts and the edge of ceratotrichium is an assembly zone where collagen fibrils polymerize. The earliest fibril which develop in the  assembly zone beside a ceratotrich are clustered in electron-dense bundles. At this stage they are about 100 Å in diameter and unbanded. As they reach a diameter of about 200 Å, banding becomes evident. Fibrils may be oriented in various directions relative to the longitudinal axis of a ceratotrichium. The peripheral cytoplasm of fibroblasts containes many spherical vesicles. Probably they contain tropocollagen and other constituents of the matrix to be secreted extracellularly. With respect to these vesicles, there is no apparent diffrence in the morphology of peritrichial fibroblasts and of fibroblasts of ordinary connective tissue.
A striking distinction between ceratotrichia and conventional collagen fibrils is the elimination of extracellular matrix in the former. As narrow collagen fibrils become apposed to the surface of a ceratotrichium, the electron-lucent matrix between them is eliminated. There is no evidence that components of the extrafibrillar matrix are preferentially excluded from the growing ceratotrichia; nor is there visible evidence that any unique component not found in ordinary connective tissue contributes to polymerization of the ceratotrichia. 

Coloration 
The color is usually yellowish or light gray above and creamy yellow below without trace of body markings (Springer 1950). The yellowish color is probably the reason for its common name. At birth, the young are slightly darker above with grayish or blue-gray color and white below. The pectoral fins of lemon sharks have dusky ventral surfaces and other fins generally have a black edging . In injured and stressed animals, the gills are held in an open expanded position the color might darken or a spotted pattern may arise (personal observation, Gruber 1980). Banner (1972) reported noticable differences among individuals in the degree of pigmentation. Dark and light color phases were evident and when the sharks were over suitable substrate the camouflage was astounding. 
During a growth study utilizing tetracycline marking of the vertebrae (Gruber and Stout 1983) the juvenile lemon sharks were incidentally observed under ultraviolet light. At the sight of the injection, in the liver, and around the jaws, teeth, and all calcified tissues an intense fluorescence light were seen. Fluorescence of the placoid scales gave the shark a speckled appearance under the ultraviolet light. Of course this is not attributed to its normal coloration but rather ascribed the injected tetracycline.
Physiology
Electroencephalogram
An analysis of EEG in sharks may reveal features of brain function established some 350 million years ago and the shark exhibits prominent development of regions concerned with chemoreception. Gilbert et al (1964) studied the EEGs in 32 lemon sharks by holding two bipolar silver-silver chloride electrodes rigidly apart through holes drilled in the cartilaginous skull of the anesthetized sharks. The electrodes were applied at four places in the telencephalon and in the cerebellum, mesencephalon and medulla. The sharks were then subjected to visual, auditory and chemical stimuli.
Two patterns of activity were found in the telencephalon. Surface potentials had a dominant frequency of 4 to 9 per second and amplitudes of 30 to 60 uv. During chemical stimulation, both amplitude and frequency of the potentials increased. Filtered extracts of tuna meat evoked large negative potentials followed by slower potentials of opposite polarity and a gradual return to the unstimulated normal level.
Mesencephalic potentials were related to light. During darkness, potentials of relatively large amplitudes (80 to 170 uv with dominant frequencies of 5 to 11 cycles per second were recorded at the surface pf the optic tectum in 19 out of the 32 studied.
Potentials in the cerebellum were small (20 to 45 uv) and tended to occur in irregular groupings which could not be correlated with any of the test stimuli used. The results could not provide any information about the function of the cerebellum in elasmobranchs. 
Potentials from the medulla were of relatively large amplitude (150 to 200 uv) and appear to represent the neural triggering of respiratory reflexes. They are correlated with gill movements. 
Medullar responses to sound were not observed even at sound frequencies of 400 to 600 Hz. 
Metabolism 
Metabolic rates 
The nomenclature of metabolic rates is confusing with different authors attributing different levels of activities to different rates. Therefore the metabolic rates are defined as: Standard metabolic rate (SMR) occurs when an animal remains still without major movements. Active metabolic rate (AMR) is considered to occur when the fish moves at its highest sustainable speed-usually maintained for 1 hour. Routine metabolic rate (RMR) is activity somewhere between the other two rates. It is usually considered the normal or usual rate of an animal's movement. When necessary the metabolic rates given in the original papers have been recalculated or modified for comparable purposes.
Due to the difficulties of directly measuring energy consumption through heat liberation from fishes, oxygen consumption has instead been used as an indirect indicator. Some workers have reported oxygen consumption in liters instead of grams. In such cases a conversion factor of 1.4 has been multiplied with the volume to attain the weight.
In most earlier works the unit calorie has been used. More recent joule has become the more correct measurement of energy and therefore this has been used. In such cases where a conversion has been necessary, the value of 4.184 J/cal has been used (Schmidt-Nielsen 1984).
The energy consumption is also largely affected by such factors as e.g. temperature, body size, stress and salinity which may explain some of the variation found between different results.
Oxygen consumption 
Several metabolic studies have been conducted using the lemon shark by monitoring oxygen consumption in respirometers (Scharold and Gruber 1991; Graham et al 1990; Bushnell et 1989; Scharold 1989; Nixon and Gruber 1988; Bushnell 1982). Oxygen consumption has been described as a logarithmic function of swimming speed where O2 is oxygen consumption (ml O2 kg-1 h-1), U is speed in body lengths per second(bl s-1 ), x and y are two empirically determined constants (see table 1). 
 
log O2 = x*S + y

Four such power performance curves have been presented for the juvenile lemon shark. Since two of these are based upon Master thesises (Bushnell 1982, Scharold 1989) which have later been improved before publishing only the two published ones are given in table 1.
The original equations Bushnell et al (1989) have been converted from oxygen consumption expressed as ml to mg. Temperature adjustments were done from 22oC to 25oC using a Q10 of 2.2.
Both equations are valid in the range from no activity up to a swimming speed of about 0.6 bl s-1. They should therefore be used with precaution when speeds exceed that level.

TABLE 1. Equations describing oxygen consumption (O2 in mg kg-1 h-1) as a logarithmic function of swimming speed (S in bl s-1) for juvenile lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris). Values have been standardized to 25oC using a Q10 of 2.2. Salinity 31‰. TL= total length, FL= fork length.
Reference	 Equation	No of animals	No of trials	r2	Size
Bushnell et al. (1989)	log O2 = 0.36 S + 2.20	13	not given	0.89	0.8-1.3 kg; 54-64 cm (TL)
Scharold & Gruber (1991)	log O2 = 0.385 S + 2.20	7	683	0.46	1.1-1.6 kg; 53-62 cm (FL)



FIGURE 1. Power-performance curves for juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, arrived at from respirometry. Lines are based on measurement ranging from 0 bl s-1 up to about 0.7 bl s-1. Measurement from Graham et al (1990) was obtained when the shark was swimming at the critical swimming speed. Measurements from Nixon and Gruber (1988) are based on swimming speed monitored during the night time (right value) and day time (left value).

The result obtained by Graham et al (1990) for a 70 cm juvenile conforms well to these equations. With an average oxygen consumption of 318 mg kg-1 h-1 (range 139-627, N=9) at 1-1.3 Ls-1 it is slightly lower what would be predicted by the equations. As these measurement were in the range of the critical swimming speed it is possible that the oxygen consumption was restricted due to anaerobic metabolism. Nixon and Gruber (1988) monitored oxygen consumption over the entire 24 h cycle and found a significant difference between the night hours and the day hours. The aquarium was illuminated between 0600-1800 h and dark between 1800-0600 h. While the activity increased from 0.17 bl s-1 in daytime to 0.33 bl s-1 in nighttime the oxygen consumption increased from 175.6 mgO2 kg-1 h-1 to 210.2 mgO2 kg-1 h-1. 
The lemon shark can cease breathing for short periods and then by increasing the ventilation recover from an oxygen debt (Keyes 1982). This behavior was seen as a spontaneous behavior in 4 specimens being ‘cleaned’ by a cleaner wrasse (Labroides dimidiatus) in an aquarium.
Energy consumption 
Oxygen consumption can readily be converted into energy consumption. In table 2, oxygen consumption has first been standardized to 25oC using a Q10 of 2.2 (Brett and Blackburn 1978) and then converted to energy consumption using an oxycalorific value of 14.15 kJ g -1 O2 (Schmidt-Nielsen 1990). 
 
TABLE 2. Energy consumption (kJ kg-1 d-1), recalculated to 25oC using a Q10 of 2.2, as standard metabolism, routine metabolism, and active metabolism. Swimming speeds (bl s-1) are noted in parentheses  
Body weight (kg)	STANDARD 	ROUTINE 	ACTIVE 	REFERENCE 
0.9-1		 79.4 (0.26)		Nixon & Gruber (1988)
0.8-1.3	57.2 (0-0.02)	 66.3 (0.4)	 136 (0.63)	Bushnell et al. (1989)
1.1-1.6	51.8 (0)	81.6 (0.41)		Scharold & Gruber (1991)
1.65			108 (1-1.3)	Graham et al (1990)
20.6	34.2 (0)	46.5 (0.37)		Sundström (1997)1
26.3	33.2	44.2 (0.35)		Sundström (1997)1
33.8	31.9	43.8 (0.38)		Sundström (1997)1
40		59.8		Schmid and Murru (1992)
100		43.9		Schmid and Murru (1992)
140		35.3		Schmid and Murru (1992)
1 Based on one specimen from extrapolation of power-performance curve given in Bushnell et al (1989). Speed measured in field with speed-sensing transmitter.

At normal consumption rates of 1.5 to 2% bw d-1 (Wetherbee 1990; Cortes and Gruber 1990) a 1 kg lemon shark needs to consume about 5.3 to 7.3 times its body weight over a year (Wetherbee et al 1990; Bushnell et al 1989; Gruber 1988). Converting the energy value of the meal into calories, the lemon shark consumes about 67.8 kJ kg-1 d-1 at 25oC. Of this, basal metabolism accounts for 42.7 kJ and the cost of activity 25.1 kJ (Gruber 1984). 
The lemon shark can remain on the bottom and actively ventilate its gills. But this was found to be 9% more energy consuming than when ram ventilating during swimming at slow speeds (Gruber 1982a). Attachment of external transmitters can also affect energy consumption. Scharold and Gruber (1991) found a 7% increase of in oxygen consumption for a small shark with a relatively large transmitter.

Urea production


Bioenergetics
During a period of several years with several on-going projects, Gruber collected data on growth, metabolism, consumption and food absorption efficiencies (specific results presented elsewhere in this report). On a preliminary basis he combined all the results in a paper about the bioenergetics of the lemon shark (Gruber 1984). A bioenergetics model was constructed for a ‘standardized’ young and rapidly growing lemon shark of 60 cm TL and 1.2 kg at 25oC and 30‰
 
100 C = 22.4 P + 49.4 M + 28.2 (F+U) 
 
where C is consumption, P is production, M is metabolism, and F+U is feces and urine respectively.
By using the growth equation in Brown and Gruber (1988), extrapolating the power-performance curve from Bushnell et al (1989) and the value for assimilation efficiency from Wetherbee and Gruber (1993a) together with sampled data on swimming speed in the field Sundström (1997) was able to construct an equation for three subadults, 154-188 cm TL:

100 C = 7.3 P + 65.7 M + 27 (F+U) 

Apparently juveniles allocate relatively more energy to growth than subadults. About 50 % of all energy consumed by the juvenile is used for metabolism i.e. running the physiological machinery and muscular contraction, while about 20 % is converted into new tissue as growth. For the subadult, only 7% of ingested energy is allocated to growth while 66% is used up in metabolism. However such a change in energy allocation is expected as the growth of the juvenile is much higher. The similarity in excretion is due to the same data used for the calculation.

Respiratory rate
The respiratory rate has not been studied intensively but only mention briefly. In a study of symbiosis between sharks and cleaner wrasses (Labroides dimidiatus), the normal resting respiratory rate was given as approximately 25 jaw movements per minute. After oral cleaning, when the lemon shark has ceased respiring for as long as 150 seconds, the rate increased to 60 jaw movements before swimming was resumed. The time between the wrasse’s departure and the resumed swimming was not given. 
When swimming above 0.4 bl s-1, jaw movements may cease and the shark may utilize ram-ventilation in order to oxygenate the blood (Bushnell et al 1989).
Heart rate
In a laboratory study Scharold and Gruber (1991) measured heart rate with an ultrasonic, frequency modulated electrocardiogram (ECG) transmitter. The transmitter picked up the ECG voltage by means of an electrode placed near the ventral side of heart in the posterior portion of the pericardial cavity. In comparison with the results on energy consumption from Bushnell et al (1989) the transmitter did not seem to stress the sharks as the resting metabolic rate was similar. However the transmitter caused a 7% increase in energy consumption when the sharks were swimming which may attributed to the increased weight and drag created by transmitter. At rest the heart rate frequency was 50.7 beats per minute which increased significantly to 55.5 beats per minute when swimming at 0.41 bl s-1. During exercise 20% of the increase in oxygen uptake could be accounted for by an increase in heart beat frequency. However the remaining 80% resulted from increased stroke volume and/or arteriovenous changes. 
Based on seven juveniles the oxygen consumption (O2 in mg kg-1 h-1) was described as a function of heart rate (HR in beats min-1)

O2=-89.74+5.40*HR;	n=683, r2=0.35

Heart rate and oxygen uptake were correlated within individuals but, as can be seen from the low r2 value, varied greatly between individuals. Thus heart rate could not be used as an indicator of metabolic rate in the lemon shark.
Reproductive hormones 
In a field study by Rasmussen and Gruber (1993), serum levels of circulating, steroid hormones (estradiol, testosterone, progesterone, dihydrotestosterone, and corticosterone) were measured in 30 females and 24 males primarily in the period of March to June. Five to 20 ml blood samples were collected by caudal venipuncture. Hormonal levels during maturation, peak breeding season, and gestation as well as post partum were measured. During development from juvenile (50-100 cm) to adult (150-200 cm) at maturation, increased levels of testosterone (from 4 to 80 ng ml-1), dihydrotestosterone (from 0.4 to 3 ng ml-1), corticosterone (from 0.6 to 1.5 ng ml-1), and progesterone (from 0.2 to 1 ng ml-1) were found in the males. For the females, only estradiol increased (from 0.1 to 1.5 ng ml-1) during growth and maturation (Rasmussen and Gruber 1993). In a study of captive mature females the highest level of estradiol was 4.1 ng ml-1 with the mean of 1.7 ng ml-1 being very close the field value (Rasmussen and Murru 1992). Highest levels of estradiol in a mature female was during the period March to June.
In captivity the mean level of estradiol in the subadult females was found to be 0.2 ng ml-1 (Rasmussen and Murru 1992) which is similar to 0.25 found for the free ranging females (Rasmussen and Gruber 1993). Progesterone and testosterone increased in subadult females but declined to juvenile levels at the onset of sexual maturation. Corticosterone levels were consistent. 
All five steroid hormones assayed in the study remained at the same level in females, both just before and just after giving birth. All the material was collected during three spring and summer months so nothing can be said about seasonal variation. Estradiol was the predominate steroid that increased in females during early growth and sexual maturation. This suggest that estradiol plays a role in the maturation. Probably also testosterone plays a role in the process of maturation as levels were much higher for sharks in the subadults than for the juveniles (Rasmussen and Gruber 1993).
In a long-term study of serum concentrations of hormones in captive carcharhinids estradiol, progesterone, testosterone and dihydrotestosterone were sampled (Rasmussen and Murru 1992). In a female approaching maturity the highest estradiol concentration was 0.36 ng mL-1 (mean 0.18) while in the mature female it reached up to 4.10 ng mL-1 (mean 1.68). These high levels in the mature female were measured in the spring. Testosterone levels either elevated concurrently or prior to estrogen elevation. Short duration of elevation in progesterone preceded both of the other two hormones. The periodicity of these hormones may suggest that rising estradiol concentrations may set in motion preovulatory events, testosterone play an role in the subsequent ovulation and that progesterone may have specific short term roles.
Blood parameters 
By implanting polyethylene cannulae in pre- and post-branchial blood vessels Bushnell et al (1982) measured respiration related parameters in eight juveniles ranging in weight from 2.0 to 3.4 kg. One cannula was implanted in the dorsal aorta and led to the outside through the chondrocranium and another in the ventral aorta led through the side of the tongue and lower jaw. Data on oxygen partial pressure (PO2), oxygen content (CO2), pH and hematocrit (Hct) were taken during rest, routine activity and exercise. During rest and routine activity the values turned out to be the same while during exercise PO2 increased 40 %, CO2 increased 30% and Hct increased 10% while pH remained the same (table 3). 

Table 3. Arterial and venous blood partial pressure (PO2), oxygen content (CO2), pH, and hematocrit (Hct) of juvenile lemon sharks at different activities (From Bushnell et al 1982).
	PO2 (Torr)	CO2 (vol%)	pH	Hct (%)	n
Venous	7.1 ± 2.7	0.56 ±0.4	7.54 ±0.07	12.2 ±2.7	7
Arterial rest and routine activity	32.5 ±15*	3.06 ±1.1*	7.72 ±0.03	14.9 ±2.6*	10
Arterial exercise	45.4 ±20	4.02 ±2.0	7.71 ±0.06	16.3 ±3.6	10
*P<0.05

Unlike most other vertebrates the venous oxygen level in the lemon shark is low, irrespective of activity, with venous PO2 of 7.1 Torr, and venous oxygen content of 0.56 vol%. Arterial PO2 ranged from 7 to 80 Torr and arterial oxygen content varied from 1.6% to 6.8 vol%. Increased demand for oxygen appears to be met by an increase in arterial oxygen rather than a decrease in venous oxygen content. When pH decreases and carbon dioxide concentration increases, as in metabolically active tissue then the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen decreases with the result that oxygen is released to the tissues from oxyhemoglobin. This so called Bohr effect was found to be -0.36 for the lemon shark and it follow a linear relationship valid in the pH range of 7.2 to 8.2

log P50 (Torr) = -0.36 (pH)+3.81;	n=12, r2=0.92

The hemoglobin of the lemon shark is 50 % saturated (P50) with oxygen under 11.8 Torr, at a temperature of 24o C and pH 7.7. Several measurements of hematocrit (Hct in %) and hemoglobin (Hb in vol%) bound oxygen in fully saturated blood were done resulting in a significant correlation

Hb = 0.302*Hct;	r2=0.92

The situation with increase in Hct and arterial PO2 at low oxygen reserves is rather unique and is thought to represent an adaptation to the extreme conditions found in shallow, intensely heated, lagoons in which young lemon sharks are found. If the same physiological phenomenon occurs in the offshore adult is not known.

In a study of several shark species in the field Murru (1984) measured blood parameters by taking samples with a disposable plastic syringe caudally via venipuncture. Values for hemoglobin, hematocrit and red blood cells (RBC) were measured and mean value for corpuscular volume (MCV) was calculated (table 3). In addition levels of several minerals, proteins, carbohydrates, lipids and waste products were measured (table 4). The author, however, warns that some of the results may be affected by physiological changes in the blood as a result of the stress from capture.

Table 3. Hematology values
	Mean	Range	n
Hemoglobin	4.3	2.9-6.1	22
Hematocrit	22.7	19.5-28.0	22
RBC (106 mm-3)	0.62	0.40-0.69	22
MCV (fl)	285.8	210-298	17



Table 4. Serum chemistry: Blood parameters in lemon sharks (from Murru 1984). LDH= lactate dehydrogenase, SGO-T= aspartate amino transferase, SGP-T= alanine amino transferase, T/D= total / detached, mEq= milliequivalent, U= amount of enzyme catalyzing 1 umol/min
Minerals 	Mean	n	Proteins	Mean	n	Waste material	Mean	n
Sodium (mEq/l)	296	7	Total protein (mg/dl)	3.6	9	Creatinine (mg/dl)	0.54	9
Potassium (mEq/l)	4.4	7	Albumin (mg/dl)	0.46	7	Bilirubin T/D (mg/dl)	0.1	8
Chloride (mEq/l)	222	9	Globulin (mg/dl)	3.6	7	BUN (mg/dl)	542.4	9
Calcium (mg/dl)	16.6	9	Amylase (U/l)	76.7	4			
Magnesium (mEq/l)	3.5	4	LDH (U/l)	47.9	10	Lipids	Mean	n
Phosphorous mg/dl	6.1	5	SGO-T (U/l)	24.4	7	Cholesterol (mg/dl)	51.9	8
Alkaline phosphorous (U/l)	6.6	9	SGP-T (U/l)	17	7	Triglycerides (mg/dl)	15.4	5
						Carbohydrates	Mean	n
						Glucose (mg/dl)	75.2	10

Erythrocytes were found to be the most abundant cell type in the blood of all the species.

Using inductively coupled plasma emission spectroscopy Murru et al (1990) analyzed 24 whole blood elements from wild populations and captive individuals. Eight of the elements were below detectable levels in both groups. Where blood elements were detectable, the levels in wild specimens exceeded levels monitored in captive specimens. Wild males and females showed no statistical difference in levels. 

Osmotic regulation
Goldstein et a (1968) kept two separated groups of 2-3 kg mixed sexes sharks. One group was kept in a pen in a seawater lagoon whilst the other group was held in an aquaria supplied with a mixture of seawater and brackish water. The water in the aquaria was constantly diluted over a one week period by gradually increasing the part brackish water entering until the water was about half as salty as seawater. When the fish showed stabile plasma urea concentrations each one was injected with 2-3 ug of urea 14C into the caudal blood vessel. Thereafter, blood samples were taken every other day for another week. Samples were analyzed for hematocrits, chloride, urea, and trimethylamine oxide (TMAO). Hematocrits were similar in both groups of sharks indicating that vascular volume had not changed by dilution and that the sharks in the brackish water treatment maintained water balance in the dilute environment. Immunology
The lymphomyeloid tissue produce or store blood cells and the prominent lymphomyeloid tissues in elasmobranchs are the epigonal and Leydig organs which contain large numbers of leukocytes. These organs may therefore play an important role in the shark’s immune system. In a study by Fänge et al (1980) examining the existence of glycosidases in the lymphomyeloid tissue it was found that one lemon shark had glycosidase activity in the epigonal organ, spleen and pancreas but not in the Leydig’s organ or gastric mucosa (table 5). Neither was any activity was found for lysozyme or glycol chitin splitting in the epigonal organ, spleen or pancreas.

Table 5. Glycosidase activity (nmol/min.)in some organs.
Enzyme	Epigonal organ	Spleen	Pancreas
α-D-Glucosidase	13	15.5	5.2
α-D-Mannosidase	26.5	15	2.1
β-D-N-acetylglucosaminidase	12 300	18 000	1 700
β-D-Glucuronidase	23	23	14.5
β-D-N-acetylgalactosaminidase	1400	2450	205

Knight et al (1988) investigated liver homogenates from a 105 kg and 268 cm big female and found that the disintegration of urea was significantly lower in tissue incubated with antibiotics than untreated tissue from the same wild caught and healthy female. This difference in ureolytic activity may indicate the presence, and a role of bacteria in urea homeostasis in free-living sharks. Also blood from the circulatory system was analyzed but no difference in urea hydrolysis was found between untreated and antibiotic treated samples indicating that bacteria were not present in the blood. Muscle and kidney tissues were also sampled but they could not be homogenized completely and therefore the results from these samples were not analyzed.

Several studies have utilized ultrasonic transmitter for tracking purposes (e.g. Morrissey and Gruber 1993b; Sundström 1998; DeMarignac, etc.…). In many instances this has involved surgical implantation of the transmitter or other disruption of the sharks external defense by external transmitter attachment. 
Morrissey and Gruber (1993b) held all surgical tools and transmitters in 75 % isopropanol for approximately 20 minutes prior to surgery on juveniles. A 3-4 cm incision was made through the abdominal wall, the transmitter inserted and the incision closed with sutures before the sharks were released. Sharks recaptured 20 days after surgery showed only a thin black line revealing the treatment. After five months, the incision was nearly indistinguishable. None of the transmitters were encapsulated by peritoneal membranes. The conclusion made by the authors was that the transmitter did no negatively affect the sharks.
Sundström and Gruber (1998) and Sundström (1997) used both an internal transmitter and an external transmitter on each shark. The internal transmitter was placed in the celom after surgical implantation while the external transmitter was attached in either of two ways: two steel bolts running through the base of the first dorsal fin or tree steel darts embedded just below the fin. The former method involved drilling through the fin before the bolts were run through and secured with a cradle, to hold the transmitter, on one side and a backing plate, to prevent the bolts to force their way through the fin, on the other.  The latter involved pushing the steel darts into the flesh of the shark with only making a small incision with a scalpel to allow the darts to enter.
When sharks with transmitter bolted onto the fin were recaptured the cradle and backing plate had abraded the skin and caused loss in skin. At recapture 12 days later the two drilled holes had closed almost completely and the abraded skin had begun healing. Sharks with transmitter darted showed only small black lines after the darts when later recaptured. On all shark the remainder from the abdominal incision to implant the internal transmitter was only a black scar.

Pathology 
Diseases 
Lemon sharks are prone to disease when kept in aquariums (Gruber and Keyes 1981). Documented pathogens are Vibrio carchariae (Grimes et al 1984), V. damsela (Grimes et al 1985) and monogenetic trematodes such as Dermophthirius nigrelli  (Cheung and Ruggieri 1983, Cheung et al 1982) which is a well camouflaged flat, leaf-like worm (0.3-0.8 mm in length), and the monogenean Neodermophthirius harkemai (Poynton et al 1997). Early signs of monogenean infestation are erratic swimming, flashing and rubbing on the bottom. In 22oC the disease usually develops within a month in recirculating sea water systems at pH 7.2-8.2, salinity 20-32‰. In later stages, grayish patches and open wounds appear on the skin with the placoid scales detaching at the site of attachment (Cheung et al 1982). The ulcerated lesions often become secondarily infected with Vibrio carchariae (Grimes et al 1985). The open wounds can be successfully treated with topically applied methyl green alcohol and the bacterial infection can be effectively treated with topically applied Gentomycin (Cheung et al 1982). 
One effective way to treat Dermophthirius infection is to immerse the shark in Dylox (trichlorfon, 2,2,2-trichloro-1-hydroxy-ethyl-phosphonic acid dimethyl ester) at 0.5 ppm (Cheung et al 1982). This was more effectful and less stressful than dipping the sharks in fresh water or formalin (200ppm) for 15 minutes. Cheung et al (1982) found no adverse effects to the Dylox-treated sharks but all the trematodes were eliminated from the shark's skin. After treatment, the sharks did not flash or rub and the grayish patches and ulcerations gradually healed and did not reappear on the treated sharks after a further year in captivity. Although, Dylox is useful when treating lemon sharks for monogenean infestation it should be used with precaution as it can be toxic to humans and many marine organisms (Cheung et al 1982).

Bacterias of the genus Vibrio spp. have been found capable of hydrolyzing urea and the highly cytotoxic Vibrio damsela has been isolated from the stomach of a healthy lemon shark (Grimes et al (1984). Grimes et al (1985) injected 25-million cells of V. damsela into the celom of two juveniles and  the less V. carchariae in another juvenile. Two other juveniles, of which one was in a compromised physiological health status, were injected with 1.5x108 cells of both Vibrio species. At 46h post-injection the first three shark were killed and examined. The shark with poor health status died after 48 h after injection while the other shark remained healthy. The three killed sharks showed no signs of abnormalities in their internal organs however they all suffered from severe, active splenic and hepatic disease.  No V. damsela were recovered from any of the sharks of which had been inoculated. V. carchariae on the other hand was recovered from all inoculated sharks and was found in peritoneum, liver, and spleen but not the kidney. 
Another shark died during the study. It was found V. carchariae in its liver and structures resembling protozoans in the liver, pancreas and kidney and thus the exact cause of death could not be ascertained. 

Gruber (1980) suspected that a low salinity (28-31 ‰) possibly could keep ectoparasites away as his lemon sharks did not have any trematodes after being kept in the aquarium for some time. This could possibly be because ectoparasites are more susceptible to low salinity than the weakly euryhaline lemon shark.
A condition seen in captivity on both juveniles and adults involves the neuromuscular system (Gruber 1980, Gruber and Keyes 1981). A not named disease is manifest by a flexing of the anterior portion of one side of the body and head from pectoral fins forward. Affected sharks will tend to swim in tight circles since they cannot straighten the head. The flexion may progressively increase over a course of several months. However, most affected sharks seem to continue to feed and may eventually recover. Gruber (1980) also reported on some specimens that stopped feeding with body coloration becoming pale and cease of swimming as a result. Examination of these sharks revealed internal bleeding combined with septicemia due to rupture of the small intestine near the cloaca. It was suspected that this rupture was due to ingestion of sharp-edged oyster shells that were found in the spiral valve. Two cases of tumor growth, probably hyperplasmia of the thyroid,  were found just behind the symphysis of the lower jaw in a dead lemon shark.
Sense organs
Vision 
The vision of the lemon shark is perhaps the single most intensively studied topic of the species. Reviews of several studies on the lemon shark are given in Gruber (1975) and Gruber (1977a). Gruber (1977b) and Gruber and Cohen (1978) provide extensive summaries on the visual system of sharks in general where the lemon shark form the basis for much of the information presented. A contacts lens for refracting aquatic animals was developed by Spielman and Gruber (1983).
Morphology of the ocular adnexa and organ 
The eye of the lemon shark comprise of about 1.6 % of its body length (Bigelow and Schroeder 1948 in Spielman and Gruber 1983). The eyes are mounted laterally and only have a small degree (about 8%) of binocular overlap between the two monocular fields (Hueter and Gruber 1982).
Based on 23 juvenile lemon sharks 60-90 cm, Hueter and Gruber (1982) presented a schematic eye with a thick ellipsoidal lens of high refractive index (1.664) resulting in a  power of 140 D. The refractive indices of all other  optical media are equivalent to that of sea water (Hueter and Gruber 1982).
Pupil
During photopic (bright) conditions, the pupil contracts to a vertical slit, while in scotopic (dim) conditions it slowly dilates and becomes almost circular. The area of the pupil increased more than twofold within the first two minutes of darkness after being light adapted and fourfold within 5-7 minutes. Maximum measured increase in pupillary area was a change from 6 mm2 to 66 mm2 after 85 minutes in the dark (Gruber 1967). 
The pupil constricts in about 1 minute (Gilbert et al 1981, Gilbert and Kuchnow 1967). Kuchnow and Gilbert (1967)(in Gruber and Cohen 1978) found the pupil to rapidly constrict when the eye was illuminated with 1080 lx after being dark adapted for 25 minutes. Initially the pupil constricted to a minimum diameter after which it gradually adjusted to a steady state of some 5% larger, the hole process taking about 4 minutes. The dilution of the pupil probably accounts for about one log unit in increased sensitivity during scotopic conditions (Gruber 1967, 1975).
The pupil did not dilate when adrenergic and cholinergic agents were topically applied or injected into the eye’s anterior chamber (Gruber 1969). Neither does it develop pupillary rigor, i.e. pupil first constrict, then dilate widely and remain dilated when subjected to continuous light for several days (Gruber 1967).
Two types of ocular light control mechanisms occur in the lemon shark, movement of rods and cones and pigment granules, and variation in pupil size (Gilbert et al 1981).

Nictitating membrane
The nictitating membrane is an opaque third eyelid which can be drawn across a considerable portion of the eyeball (Gruber and Schneiderman 1975). It helps to keep the cornea clean and also acts as a protection against physical and chemical irritants (Gruber and Cohen, 1978). In a study in classical conditioning Gruber (1977a) trained the shark to respond to light stimulus by moving the third eyelid.
Cornea
The multi-layered cornea has a refractive index of 1.340 equivalent to sea water. Thus it has no refractive function which is also true for both the pre- and post-lenticular media, and hence the system is termed symmetric or equifocal (Hueter 1991). The radius of curvature of the cornea is 23.5 mm (Spielman and Gruber 1983).
Between the cornea and the lens is a narrow anterior chamber containing the constantly replenished aqueous humor (Hueter and Gruber 1982).
Lens
The ellipsoidal crystalline lens, with a diameter 13% greater than its thickness, has a refractive index of 1.664 and provides the shark's principal refractive power of +140 diopters. It is supported with a dorsal suspensory ligament the ventral pseudocampanule arising from the ciliary zone(Hueter and Gruber 1982). Accommodation of the lens, if it occurs may be due to this pseudocampanule acting as a protractor lentis muscle (Hueter 1991). 
Sclera and retina
The sclera is supported by a thick connective tissue and a cartilaginous layer. The nutritive choroid contains an occlusible tapetum lucidum, whose reflective plates are actively exposed under scotopic (dark) conditions. The retina is not vascularized and the only obvious landmark is the optic disc (blind spot), which marks the point of exit of the ganglion cell fibers from the retina. There is no fovea and no retinal area centralis has been found (Hueter and Gruber 1982). 
The optic disc is located at angles of about 30o ventral and 10o rostral to the optic axis relative to the lens center(Hueter and Gruber 1982). The retina is composed of small ganglion cells (8-10 um), giant ganglion cells (20-30 um), neuroglia, amacrine cells, rods and cones (Hueter 1991). The tall and cylindrical rods are of an average length of 31 um with a diameter of 2.3-2.6 um while the more pyramidal cones are about 19 um in length and 1.5 um at the midpoint and 4.7 um at the widest point (Gruber et al 1963). Gruber et al. (1963) and Wang (1968) found the ratio rods/cones to be 12:1 while Cohen (1980 in Cohen and Gruber 1985) found a ratio of 5:1.
The average density of cones on the retina is 14 cones um-2, which gives an intercone separation of 11.3 um (Hueter 1991). 
The lemon shark retina seems to have a prominent visual streak-a horizontal band of higher cell density in both cone and ganglion cell layers. Cone densities range from 6500 cones mm-2 along the horizontal meridian to less than 500 cones mm-2 in the dorsal and ventral periphery. Ganglion cell densities range from nearly 1600 cells mm-2 inside the streak to less than 500 cells mm-2 in the periphery. In both cases, the visual streak extends nearly completely across the rostrocaudal extent of the horizontal meridian, and cell densities begin to drop off rapidly at about 15o ventral and dorsal to the meridian (Hueter 1991).  
Using an electrode in contact with the vitreous in the eyecup just above the retina Cohen and Gruber (1985) measured the threshold of the ganglion cells when subjected to various wavelengths. They recorded and classified 99 ganglion cells and found that 62 units only gave responses at the offset of light (OFF units); 18 responded only at onset of light (ON units) and 19 responded to both onset and offset of light (ON-OFF units). Seventeen of the units were only classified to type unit due to time limits. All units were found in about the same frequency but OFF units could be recorded for longer periods (up to 6h) while ON units only lasted for about 1h.
Visual perception 
The presence of both types indicates that the lemon shark has color vision (Hueter and Gruber 1982, Gruber 1975). It has also been shown to discriminate between hues and the juvenile appears to have better visual acuity than the adult (Hueter and Gruber 1982). 
Scarfe (1978) tested the response of lemon sharks when showed high contrast horizontal, vertical, and oblique multiple bars in overall square arrays and solid squares. However no significant response was found to individual or combinations of the configurations per se.
Acuity
With a specially developed contact lens for refracting aquatic animals Spielman and Gruber (1983) found the average refractive error to be +7.5 diopters (D) for juveniles and +11 D for adults. With the back focal point of the eye lying behind the photoreceptors, implies that no object can be sharply imaged on the retina without accommodatory adjustments. This would imply the lemon shark to be very hypermetropic (far-sighted). The refractive error of +2.76 D under water found by Hueter (1991) seems more likely. Still, without fovea or centralized retinal area (Hueter and Gruber 1982) the lemon shark is probably hypermetropic, and the retinal image appears as a circular blur no matter the distance between the object and the eye, as long as it lies along the eye's optical axis.  For a juvenile, this circle is 19.3 um in diameter during optimal conditions (Hueter and Gruber 1982). 
Best visual acuity is probably along a horizontal median of the eye where a streak of higher cone density has been found. The retinal magnification factor, RMS, which is the relationship between angular subtense of visual targets and corresponding image size on the retina, is 164 um/ ovisual angle (Hueter 1991). The retinotectal magnification factor, calculated as the number of micrometers on the tectal surface  per degree of visual filed coverage is 100 um/ o inside the visual streak and 33 um/o outside. Thus three times more tectal surface is devoted proportionally to vision inside the streak than to peripheral vision in the lemon shark. The retinal image is stabilized by reciprocal eye movements (Hueter and Gruber 1982).
Sensitivity 
Scotopic
In a study on classical conditioning response Gruber (1967) was able to determine the lowest intensity of light perceptible, i.e. the visual threshold, for the lemon sharks by slowly decreasing light intensity below response of the nictitating membrane.
Discrimination
By decreasing the light stimulus Gruber (1977a) found the visual threshold when the shark would no longer respond to the light. In this way it was found that the dark-adapted lemon shark appears to be 10-times more sensitive to a visual stimulus than a dark-adapted human (Gruber 1967). 
By the same type of conditioning Hamasaki and Bridges (1965) found the critical frequency of flicker fusion (CFF) which is when the shark no longer experiences the light to flicker. The value for rods was 20 flickers per second (FPS) while the cones were able to discriminate between light stimulus up to 40-90 FPS.
Gruber (1969) found that sharks were able to discriminate between light stimulus at a rate of 12 FPS at intensities 2 log units above dark adapted threshold intensity. With increasing light intensity the shark was able to discriminate between higher frequencies. At +4 log units the FPS was 20 and at +6 log units 42 FPS.
The electroretinogram, generated by the retina each time it is stimulated by light, from intact lemon sharks showed that the threshold intensity necessary to evoke a 40 uV response decreased smoothly with a range of 5-6 log units after 70 minutes in the dark (Hamasaki and Bridges 1965). ERGs from dark adapted lemon shark showed, at low light intensities, primarily a long latency b-wave with a slow rise time. With increased intensity the latency time decreases and the amplitude of the b-wave increases. This pattern did not seem to be affected by wavelength. (Cohen et al 1977). 
A similar results, with a drop in threshold value with 3 log units during the first 12 minutes followed by a 2 log unit drop in threshold value between 12-60 minutes, was found by Gruber 1967. Another tenfold drop was found between the first and the eight hour. Thus the dark adapted eye can be expected to be one million times as sensitive to light than in the light adapted eye of which ten times could be ascribed to pupillary dilation allowing more light into the eye.
The absolute threshold was 5.8*10-6 uW cm-2 measured at the sharks cornea with a light of 520 nm on a dark adapted juvenile (Finck 1980 in Hueter and Gruber 1982). This is lower than found by Gruber (1969).
Wavelength
The widely dilating pupil, large lens, rod-dominated retina, and extensive tapetum lucidum means that the lemon shark probably sees as well under both bright conditions and dim conditions (Hueter and Gruber 1982).
Scotopic sensitivity peaked at 494 nm an fell smoothly off on either side while the minimum quantum sensitivity was recorded at 650 nm which is a 700 fold decrease in sensitivity (Gruber 1969). In a later study Cohen et al (1977) found the peak sensitivity to be 530 nm and that the relation between spectral sensitivity and visual pigment was not affected by the cornea, lens or ocular media. However, by removing the tapetum lucidum it was found that it changed the peak spectral sensitivity to 535 nm. These sensitivities does not coincide with the peak absorption of the photo pigment involved of 501 nm (Bridges 1965 in Cohen et al 1977). 
The different types of ganglion units found by Cohen and Gruber (1985) showed to have different peak sensitivities as well as different relative sensitivities (table 5). Trials were done on dark adapted as well as white light adapted eyes. When using chromatic adaptation of OFF units with blue-green background or yellow background and one ON unit with red light and orange light and an ON-OFF unit in yellow background all showed the same peak wavelength as for white light adaptation. A Purkinje shift is clearly seen from table 5 (peak sensitivity shifts 24 nm towards the red end of the spectrum) demonstrating that the lemon shark had a duplex retina. 

Table 5. Where relative sensitivity is denoted just by a letter it means that the corresponding value in another box has a higher sensitivity. Compiled from data in Cohen and Gruber (1985).
Ganglion type	Subtype	Peak sensitivity at dark adaptation (nm)	Peak sensitivity at light adaptation (nm)	Relative sensitivity at dark adaptation (log units)
OFF unit 	low sensitivity	544	544	a
OFF unit 	high sensitivity	522	546	1.5-2 a, b
ON unit		522	547	1-1.5 b
ON-OFF unit	off component low sensitivity	544		
ON-OFF unit	off component high sensitivity	522		c
ON-OFF unit 	on component	519	535	1-1.5 c

Photopic
Peak sensitivity for light adapted eyes was 541 nm (Cohen et al 1977). The cones have a higher CFF of about 40-45 FPS which means that they can be updated much quicker than rods (Gruber 1977a).
The peak sensitivity of the retina shifts from blue-green in the fully dark adapted state towards the green (red end) of the spectrum upon moderate light adaptation (Gruber 1977b). This Purkinje shift indicates that at least two receptor systems based on different visual pigments underlie visual activity (Cohen et al 1977). 
Cohen (1980 in Hueter and Gruber 1982) described two types of ganglion cells: regular sized (8-10 um in diameter) and giant ganglion cells (20-30 um in diameter).
The lemon shark has two classes of retinal ganglion cells that respond to the offset of light. One class has inputs from one type of cone with a peak sensitivity of 544 nm. The other class receives inputs from both rods and cones and has its peak sensitivity at 520 nm (Hueter and Gruber 1982). The same kind of duplex input has also been found for the ganglion cells responding to the onset if light. 
Pre-retinal material has no effect on the scotopic spectral sensitivity (Cohen et al 1970).

Photopigment
According to the Sensitivity Hypothesis (see Cohen 1991) the visual pigment of the lemon shark would have absorption spectra with peak absorption located at wavelengths that are most prevalent in the environment where it lives. The most common visual pigment of fish are either the vitamin A1 based rhodopsin with peak sensitivity at 500 nm or the vitamin A2 based porphyropsin with peak at 520-525 nm (Jobling 1995). Bridges (1965) was the first to report on the visual pigment of the adult lemon shark. It was determined to be a vitamin A1 based rhodopsin with peak absorption at 501 nm which was eter confirmed by Cohen et al (1990). For several years it was believed that the vitamin A1 based rhodopsin found in adults also was the pigment in juveniles. However, Cohen et al (1977) and Cohen & Gruber (1985) found that the peak absorption of juvenile lemon sharks was between 519-522 nm rather than 501 nm. This was very puzzling until Cohen et al (1990) examined the pigment in a juvenile and found it to be a vitamin A2 based porphyropsin with a maximum absorption at 522 nm, corresponding very well with the peak sensitivity found for the juvenile. Although the difference in peak sensitivity can be explained it is not known exactly when this changeover in photopigmentation takes place, or the mechanism behind it, or whether both types of pigments exists in the retina together at any time (Cohen 1991).
Behavioral studies have shown that juveniles and adult inhabit different habitats (see Home range). The juvenile spends it life in shallow and somewhat murky water close to shore, but starts moving offshore into more open water as it grows. The change in habitat is probably closely linked to the change in photopigmentation.

Auditory 
Sound production
Banner (1972) studied the respons of lemon shark to various sounds. When recording these sounds from fish in the field lemon sharks occasionally swam by but they were never left an acoustical trace. Thus, it appears as if the shark can swim very silently. 
Auditory organs 
Corwin (1981) exposed the parietal region of the head by surgery on twenty six juveniles ranging from 1-2 kg. The compound action potentials (CAP) in the shark’s eight cranial nerve were measured when subjected to sound stimuli with frequencies at half octave intervals from 31-1000 Hz. Tone bursts were 200-250 ms in duration with rise and decay times of 50 ms. After physiological recording, three specimens had their ears removed for dissection. 
The CAP had three components; initially a positive high voltage potential 3-4.5 ms latency with duration of 5 ms, followed by a weak negative wave peaking at 13 ms latency and decaying to near baseline by 30 ms, and terminating at 35-75 ms as more variable series of moderately amplitude positive peaks. The threshold plateau is low around 40 Hz up to 100 Hz. Above 100 Hz the threshold rises and at 800 Hz it is more than 20 dB higher than for the lower frequencies. By measurement of unit best frequencies the best excitatory frequencies of 70 units in the eight nerve trunk ranged from 375 Hz down to 31 Hz with the majority below 200 Hz. No units responded  to tones at 750 Hz or 1000 Hz . Units in the eight nerve fall into three classes; regularly spontaneous and non-acoustic, irregularly spontaneous and acoustic, and non-spontaneous and acoustic.  Some units not did respond to sound. 
The lemon shark has two structures (maculae) in the ear, that appear to be capable of detecting sound; macula neglecta, is a non-otolithic detector composed of two large patches of sensory epithelium and the saccula maculae the primary otolithic sound detector. 
The macula neglecta is innervated by the branches from the eight cranial nerve and responds to sounds transmitted through the parietal fossa, connective tissue and a dorsal opening in the otic capsule wall. The two patches of sensory and supportive cells in the macula neglecta may detect sound by dissimilar mechanisms. This theoretically makes it possible for the shark to locate sounds with different frequencies from different directions. Hair cells in the posterior and anterior patch of sensory epithelium in the macula neglecta are aligned along the longitudinal axis of the posterior canal duct. The hair cells in the anterior patch have their kinocilia facing forward and up while the hair cells in the posterior patch are facing back and down. The number of hair cells in the macula neglecta in a 1 to 2 kg juvenile lemon shark was estimated at 45 000. 
The much larger saccular neglecta has a similar form of hair cells. This macula runs along the anterior walls of the sacculus in an S-shaped course and has a greater area than the macula neglecta. The number of hair cells in this macula was estimated at 300 000; among the highest described in any vertebrate ear. The cilia of the hair cells extend toward a large mass of calcium carbonate otoconia.
The response to sound is probably in the form of the kinetic component, i.e. particle displacement rather than pressure.
Hearing 
Sound response
Curiously, the best frequencies a lemon shark responds to are in a band from 31 Hz to 375 Hz, with the majority below 200 Hz (Corwin 1981).
Nelson (1965) found the hearing threshold curve to extend from 10 Hz to 640 Hz with least sensitive above 320 Hz. Peak sensitivity is at 40 Hz with threshold value of -4dB which is approximately filtered ambient noise. Most sensitive absolute hearing occurred at 320 Hz with threshold value of -13 dB, approximately 14 dB above filtered ambient noise. Nelson also found that sharks were able to orient to sound at distances of about 2.1 m with slightly better at lower frequencies. 
Banner (1967) found that 19 young sharks responded to displacement rather than pressure changes or vibrations. However he did not eliminate the possibility that the sharks are sensitive to acoustic pressures. Frequencies ranged from 20 to 1000 Hz. His results were obtained by attenuating sound intensity at 2 dB steps until the animal no longer responded to the stimulus, previously reinforced by electric shock, then increasing intensity until response was elicited.
The lemon sharks can hear a submersed bell (Clark 1959, 1963).
Nelson (1967a) defined four types of responses to a presented sound: approach (food reinforced), arousal (food reinforced), escape (electric shock reinforced) and approach-avoidance (food-shock reinforced). The approach and arousal response was conditioned by presenting food in conjunction with a sound. By lowering the amplitude of the sound for the approach conditioned shark the hearing threshold was found for different frequencies as when the shark did not show an approach response to the sound. By increasing the sound from sub threshold amplitudes the arousal conditioned shark responded when the sound rose above the threshold. In the same way the escape response induced by electric shock was used to determine the threshold as when the shark did escape from the transducer when presented with the sound. These three different methods yielded similar thresholds with the lowest being at 0 dB at 40 Hz relative filtered ambient noise. The lowest threshold in absolute terms occurred at 320 Hz at -13 dBub. Due to technical restrictions sound with a frequency lower than 10 Hz could not be produced. However it is likely that the sharks are able to hear even lower frequency sounds. The upper frequency  limit was at about 640 Hz at +30 dBub at absolute pressure and +65 dBub at relative filtered ambient noise.
In the same study, Nelson (1967a) also obtained results from frequency discrimination using an approach-avoidance conditioned shark. This shark would approach the transducer when presented with a sound of 40 Hz while avoid it at a sound of 160 Hz. The difference in response was significantly beyond 99.9 per cent confidence at these starting levels. By decreasing the difference in frequency between these two sounds Nelson was able to obtain the smallest difference of which induced different response. At one-half octave difference (40 Hz for the approach response and 60 Hz for the avoidance response) the significance was 92 per cent and at one-quarter octave (50 vs. 40 Hz) responses for both signals were equal. A similar result was obtained from a previously unconditioned shark which was subjected to the same treatment but with a neutral sound starting at 140 Hz and decreasing and a shock-associated sound constantly at 40 Hz.
Continuing with the same well trained shark Nelson tested the sharks capability to locate the orientation of the sound. Two transducers were hidden behind plastic curtains to determine whether the shark could discriminate which one produced the sound. By decreasing the angle between the transducers Nelson was able to determine the smallest angle of which the shark could discriminate the sound. The result showed a capability of the shark to orientate with an accuracy of about 13.4 degrees at 320 Hz and even better at 40 and 80 Hz (5.2 degrees and 6.5 degrees respectively). 
By recording potential differences between two electrodes, one implanted near the heart and one mounted in the water outside, Nelson (1967b) obtained electrocardiograms from juvenile lemon sharks. It was found that the heart beat frequency responded to low frequency sounds. An increasing sound level induced bradycardia, i.e. an increase of the interval between heart beats. The heart response turned out not to be an all-or-none phenomenon so the threshold determination for the response had to be based on statistical criteria. By alternating ambient noise levels it was found that the heart response was determined by relative and not absolute sound amplitudes. The lowest threshold relative ambient noise occurred at a frequency of 40 Hz where the mean threshold value was 25 dB above filtered ambient noise. Possibly the shark may habituate and show a lesser response to the sound. The threshold for the heart response do not appear to represent hearing thresholds. The heart response was lowest at 10 Hz and highest at 80 Hz before dropping off at increasing frequencies up to 320 Hz. At higher frequencies than this no response was elicited. Hearing threshold was lowest at 320 Hz. 
Pure tones of 7.5-100 Hz induced bradycardia (Wisby et al in Banner 1974).

Sound attraction
Beulig (1974) removed a litter of naive juveniles from the uteri of a moribund female lemon shark. The 13 surviving specimens were used in testing the effect of experience in response to low-frequency sounds. Beulig used a sound generating mechanical device that produced 12.5 Hz sounds with and without large-amplitude components, simulating the movement of a struggling fish. Electronically broad-band noise and high-amplitude, 10 Hz sine waves were produced. It was shown that these naive sharks did not respond to low frequency sounds as did juveniles caught in the field. Their response was related to feeding behavior and they got attracted to the sound source. However sharks born in captivity and allowed to pursue and capture living prey were also attracted to the artificial sound. Most attractive were the pulsed, broad-banded noise and the 10 Hz sine waves. In a subsequent study (Beulig 1982) with the same specimens sharks either showed an interest in the sound source or rapidly darted away. Initially the sharks were not attracted to the sound. Thereafter these sharks were fed with damaged fish, but still this did not increase the response to the artificial sound. However in this experiment the shark was kept alone. In a third experiment, the sharks were kept in groups of 3. This time the sharks were very excited and rapidly approached the artificial sound source. From the results it cannot be distinguished the effects of social and experiential factors in the responsiveness to sound.
These kind of low frequency sounds where recorded from struggling fish that had been speared (Nelson and Gruber 1963). When similar sounds were played back in an irregularly pulsed fashion sharks were attracted, among these two lemon sharks. However the same sound of 60 Hz played continuous did not attract the sharks and neither did high frequency sounds of 400-600 Hz. Several species of sharks were attracted to the playback in the absence of any other stimuli. 
Banner (1968) found that young lemon sharks were attracted to a source of pulsed broad-banded noise. They usually approached in groups of two to six with swimming speed increasing when near the transducer. A few times the transducer was bitten. All of 15 examined sharks had food items in their stomach, primarily fish, crabs and shrimps. A grunt (Haemulon sp.) struggling at the end of a fishing line also attracted the sharks. In 12 out of 20 approaches the shark rapidly left when getting within 1 meter from the grunt while on 7 occasions the shark seized the grunt but released it without loss of tissue. On only one occasion did the shark succeed in feeding.
Banner (1972) played back a range of sound recorded from naturally produced sounds. The sound most attractive were those within the hearing range of the lemon shark as determined from the laboratory, i.e. 20-320 Hz. All of these sounds were pulsed, while single pulsed sounds rarely attarcted sharks. Most attractive was the natural sound from a catfish, followed by that from a struggling mullet while the sound of s single jumping mullet did not elicit a positive respons. Series of closely spaced pulses with shorter interval duration were more attractive than sound of lower pulse rate.

Sound repelling
In a test in a concrete Shark Channel exhibit of the Miami Seaquarium in Miami, Klimley and Myrberg (1979) subjected seven adult lemon sharks with four different types of sounds at intervals of 2.5 sec of signal followed by 2.4 sec of silence; killer whale screams, continuous noise-band of 500 to 4000 Hz, pure tone of 500 Hz and a pulsed band of 150 to 300 Hz. At low stimulus intensities of about 9-24 dB, shark were attracted to the pulsed noise-band sound of 500-4000 Hz while they were strongly repelled by the sound at intensities of 27-36 dB. This synthetic sound was designed with the same band width as a killer whale scream which proved to be the next best in inducing withdrawals. The other sounds, 500 Hz pure tone and 150-300 Hz pulsed noise induced fewer withdrawals. Withdrawal from the sound seemed to depend upon both the magnitude and rate of increase in level of the acoustical stimulus. Small incremental changes in sound pressure did not elicit withdrawal while a considerable increase did. Trials during a given day did not affect the occurrence of withdrawal on successive days. A decrease in response was noted when water temperature dropped below 21o C (Klimley and Myrberg 1979).
Sounds of a single pulse but of longer duration appear to elicit startle responses (Banner 1972).
Olfaction
Olfactory organ 
Morphology and electrophysiology of the olfactory organ of the lemon shark was reported by Zeiske et al. (1986). Continuing that study focusing on functional morphology Zeiske et al (1987) presented information on both the lemon shark and the silky shark. The text below is entirely based upon these two papers.

Morphology
external morphology
The olfactory organ is a paired structure situated within solid cartilaginous nasal capsules on the ventral side of the head halfway between the tip of the snout and the mouth and thus being entirely separate from the mouth. Each organ possesses an incurrent nostril positioned antero-laterally to the excurrent nostril. The incurrent nostril is characterized by a spacious vestibular entrance and its inner wall is formed by the skin which projects inwards leading to the olfactory cavity proper. Rostrally to the incurrent nostril is a shallow depression while it caudally is a slightly elevated area. The almost slit-like excurrent nostril in cross-section is more roundish in shape than the incurrent nostril and is composed of a tubular inner wall. A shallow depression of the postero-lateral wall of the excurrent nostril also occurs. 
The two nostrils are partly separated by a well developed triangular nasal flap, about as broad as long, which projects from the anterior and partially overlaps the opening. Although, no musculature has been found to activate the flap, movements have been observed during forward motion of the shark. Two valve flaps project into the olfactory cavity, one from the nasal flap and the other from a protrusion of the posterior margin between the nostrils. The valve flaps are in close contact with each other. The nostrils as well as all the flaps are supported by nasal cartilage. 
The olfactory organ extends medially beyond the excurrent opening.

Internal morphology
The olfactory cavity is almost filled with the olfactory rosette, which reaches from the entrance of the cavity to the hind end of the cavity far beyond the position of the excurrent opening. The rosette is composed of numerous rows of lamellae arising rectangularly from a central raphe, which is continuous with the inner wall of the incurrent nostril and extends from the dorsal wall of the cavity. The outer margin of each lamella adheres to the wall of the cavity, whereas the inner margin possesses a free rounded edge. The lamellae are in turn secondary folded and intercalate between the folds of the facing lamellae. The outer margin of each lamella is free of folds so facing lamellae form a peripheral canal. Protrusion from the inner edge of the lamellae make close contact  with each other, constructing a physical barrier between the incurrent chamber and the excurrent chamber. These chambers provide for the intake of water through the incurrent nostril and discharge of water through the excurrent nostril, respectively. 
The inlet chamber is a centrally situated tubular channel , which extends along the entire olfactory rosette tapering to the rear. The outlet chamber is in a more superficial position and is of a greater volume than the inlet chamber. A physical barrier between the inlet and outlet chambers is constructed by the protrusions from the inner edges of the lamellae, which are in close mechanical contact. The portion of the outlet chamber rostro-lateral to the excurrent nostril consists of two galleries which branch from the outlet chamber and terminate in blind canals in the region adjacent to the incurrent opening. The branching of the outlet chambers into the two galleries is a consequence of the cleft formed by the sidewalls and their extensions in the region between the incurrent and excurrent openings.
The lamellae are covered with both sensory and non-sensory epithelium. The sensory epithelium is pseudostratified and columnar with a thickness of about 45-70 um. This epithelium consists mainly of receptor, supporting, and basal cells, but goblet cells are occasionally observed. Goblet cells are more commonly found on the non-sensory, squamous epithelium located on the free margins of the lamellae or as small scattered islets within the sensory region. Whilst the non-sensory epithelium bears only small microvilli, the sensory epithelium is provided with abundant cilia as well as microvilli. Olfactory receptor cells are unmyelinated, bipolar neurons, which are divided into an apical dendrite, central nuclear region, and an axon that terminates in the central nervous system at the level of the olfactory bulb. The receptor nuclei are circular in shape and exhibit one or more nucleoli. The membrane of the receptor cells forms tight junctions with adjacent supporting cells. Mature dendrites that reach the free surface of the olfactory bulb form terminal swellings called olfactory knobs which bear a tuft of microvilli. Basally the receptor cell axons form larger bundles before entering the lamina propria, which contains connective tissue of fibrocytes and bundles of collagenous fibers, blood vessels, olfactory axons, and occasionally also myelinated nerve fibers. Supporting cells extend from the basal lamina  to the apical surface of the epithelium as can be clearly seen in degenerating supporting cells. The supporting cells are multiciliated and exhibit small microvilli. The oval nuclei are generally situated in the upper third of the cell.

Water flow
The water flow through the olfactory organ is due to pressure differences at the incurrent and excurrent nostrils, presumably achieved by the forward motion of the animal. Cilia are probably not able to create a current strong enough to force water through the olfactory organ, and thus a resting animal may not be able to smell. At higher swimming speeds, a control of the flow rate is probably necessary to prevent physical damage to the sensory epithelium. Two structural mechanisms may exist for this purpose: The first is an external drain from the excurrent nostril along the nasal septum directly to the shallow depression behind the excurrent opening; the second is an internal shunt to bypass the pathway between the inlet and outlet chambers by circumvention of the lamellar gap system. Also, the nasal flap may function in regulating pressure by directing water over and away from the excurrent nostril aided by the depression behind the excurrent opening.
Water is directed into the incurrent nostril by the shallow depression just in front of it. Water then enters the inlet chamber and flows through the gap system between the olfactory lamellae over the olfactory rosette before being drained by peripheral canals on the lamellae. Water is then collected in the outlet chamber before being discharged through the excurrent nostril. The nasal flap directs water over and away from the excurrent nostril and may reduce the pressure at this opening.

Electrophysiology
Electroolfactograms (EOG) were elicited by squid extract, amino acid stimuli and ”finger rinse” (forefinger dipped in artificial sea water) in 16 juvenile sharks. The typical EOG magnitudes were 50-75 microvolts for the squid extract and ”finger rinse” while the EOG for amino acids were somewhat lower, 10-60 microvolts. A few EOGs up to 140 microvolts were observed for ”finger rinse”. The response to amino acids, in three out of eleven of these animals, increased logarithmic with increasing concentration but different amino acids were unequally effective in eliciting a response. Responses to 0.1 mM and 1.0 mM amino acids ranged between 10 and 60 microvolts whereas sea water elicited a 0-5 microvolts response. In a single specimen, the estimated electrophysiological threshold for L-methionine was between 10-7 and 10-8 Molar. The more effective amino acids tested at 0.1 mM were the L-isomers of alanine, ethionine, glutamic acid, gamma methyl ester, methionine and norleucine. Intermediate stimuli were D-alanine, L-arginine hydrochloride and L-cysteine. Relatively ineffective compounds were l-proline and taurine.
Ecology
Reproduction 
Reproductive strategy 
The mating period is spread over some months in spring and summer (Springer 1950, Compagno 1984, Bigelow and Schroeder 1948). Parturition occurs the following year in late spring or early summer from April to July (Henningsen and Gruber 1985; Gruber and Stout 1983, Clark and von Schmidt 1965). Before entering the nursery areas in Florida Bay (Springer 1950) and the Bahamas (Castro 1993), the female is said to stop feeding (Springer 1950). However, pregnant lemon sharks will readily take a bait showing that they will feed in the final days of their pregnancy (Wetherbee et al 1990; personal observation). Still it is possible that immediately proceeding parturition they stop feeding and do not start again until they leave the nursery. There is no evidence for cessation of feeding.
The ovarian eggs reach a size of 35 to 40 mm and number from 15-24 in the developed right ovary. Only smaller eggs (<9 mm) has been found in the undeveloped left ovary. These smaller eggs have been found in the right ovary as well (Clark and von Schmidt 1965).
Rasmussen and Gruber (1993) found the female to pass through six reproductive states: quiescent, periovulatory, mating (actively breeding), 50% term, near-term (95%), and at term (immediately pre- and post-partum).
During development of the young the female’s abdomen clearly becomes swollen (Rasmussen and Gruber 1993) and after a 10-12 months gestation period (Compagno 1984; Springer 1950, Clark and von Schmidt 1965) the female lemon shark gives birth to 4-17 young (Springer and Gold 1989, Compagno 1984, Clark and von Schmidt 1965) of  50-60 cm TL (Brown and Gruber 1988; Gruber and Stout 1983). At birth, the tail of the pup emerges first. In some cases the new born shark thrashes around in a disoriented manner or in contrast and lie still on the substrate for a short time before swimming away. Post-partum females have loose and flaccid uteri (Rasmussen and Gruber 1993).
In an ongoing genetic study by Feldheim et al (1996, 1997) of the lemon sharks in Bimini lagoon, Bahamas, polymerase-chain-reaction (PCR) amplification of both microsatellite and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) is being used to genotype both juveniles and adults. A genomic library has been screened and ten primer pairs have been developed for the PCR amplification. More than 400 fin samples from both juveniles and adults have been collected. The information will be used to test hypotheses about their breeding biology such as the: 
•	number of adult females using the Bimini Lagoon as a nursery
•	reproductive cycle of returning females
•	mating system of the population
•	mating success of individual males
•	level of inbreeding
•	possibility of one litter being sired by multiple males.
Maturity 
Clark and von Schmidt (1965) examined four females of 239 cm to 242 cm which were immature, and one 240 cm definitely not having mated. The smallest female examined with full-size ovarian eggs was 252 cm and the smallest female with youngs was 256 cm.
Maturity is reached at 225 cm (males) and 235-239 (females) (Compagno 1984; Springer 1950) or at an age 12 to 13 years (Brown and Gruber 1988; Gruber et al 1985; Brown and Gruber 1985). At maturity, the claspers of the male lengthen, become stiff and calcified (Springer 1950). They increase in length from about 20 mm (2% of TL) in the new born to about 160-190 mm (6-7.5% of TL) in mature male. After the breeding season the testis of males possibly reduce to little more than longitudinal canal and epigonal organ. No sperms were to be found in the testes or the Wolffian ducts of a single examined male (Clark and von Schmidt 1965).
Females possesses a single ovary and large, yolky ova signal the onset of maturity (Rasmussen and Gruber 1993). Maturity in females is possibly indicated by the presence of scars which is believed to be a result of courtship.
Embryology 
Uterine eggs are contained in an individual , teardrop-shaped sac measuring 35x90 mm. The shell or sac covering is a golden brown, cellophane-like material twisted at either end of the sac to form long, crimped cords which are bunched up and are deeply embedded in the uterine wall. The cord from the apical and anteriorly directed end of each sac measured about 90 cm when stretched out and is the more deeply embedded. The posterior cord is about 16 cm long (Clark and von Schmidt 1965).
The size of the embryo is about 13-15 mm in December but in other females at the same time embryos of 34-39 cm length have been found (Clark and von Schmidt 1965).
The lemon shark is viviparous with a maternal-fetal connection provided by a yolk sac placenta (Compagno 1984). Usually 12 to 14 embryos develop with equal numbers in both oviducts but the number can be as high as 19 (Garman in Springer 1950). The yolk-sac or pseudoplacenta is formed at the time of complete absorption of the yolk by the embryo. There is no compartmentation of the oviduct other than the shell membranes covering each embryo. The young have open umbilical attachment scars after birth which heal over several days (Springer 1950). Open scars can be used to differentiate between new born and older sharks of the same size.
Hamlett and Wourms (1984) examined embryos of, among others, a 8 ft female lemon shark. The report did not specify the finding for the particular lemon shark, but gave some general information regarding the pre-implantation yolk sac for carcharinind shark. The yolk sac differentiates into a yolk sac placenta, that functions in gas exchange and hematrophic nutrient transport, during ontogeny (Hamlett and Wourms 1984). The pre-implantation yolk sac functions in respiration and yolk absorption.In a 10 cm embryo the yolk sac consists of somatic ectoderm, somatic mesoderm, extraembryonic coelom, capillaries, endoderm and yolk syncytium. The epithelial ectoderm is a simple cubiodal epithelium possessing the normal complement of cytoplatsic organelles. The endo plasmic cisternae are dilated and vesicular. The epithelium rests upon a basal lamina beow which is a collagenous stroma that contains dense bodies of varying diameter. They have a marginal zone, a less dense core, and a dense center. The squamous mesoderm has many pinocytotic caveolae. The capillary endothelium is adjacent to the mesoderm and is delimited by a basal lamina. The endoderm contains yolk degradation vesicles whose content range from pale to dense. The yolk syncytium contains many morpholocally diverse yolk granules in all phases of degradation. Concentric membrane lamellae form around yolk bodies as the main yolk granules begin to be degraded. During degradation, yolk platelets exhibit a vesicular configuration.
Home range 
For 38 juveniles (46.8-100.6 cm), at Bimini, Bahamas, with ultrasonic transmitters implanted in the celom the recorded home ranges varied between 0.23 km2 and 1.26 km2 , and were positively correlated with size (Morrissey and Gruber 1993b). A total of 2281 fixes (1545 day and 736 night) was obtained and the home range was estimated using the maximum polygon method. But young lemon sharks can probably move through distances of as much as 6 to 8 km (Compagno 1984). Activity space for subadults and larger sharks range from >20 km2 (DeMarignac and Gruber 1996;1997) to 93 km2 (Gruber et al 1988), and can reach as much as 300 km2 (Compagno 1984). One tracked individual moved from a reef into the Gulf Stream current and traveled north (counter current) for 100 km in 24 h before returning to the shallows (Compagno 1984). 
Home range overlap and aggregations of up 25 individuals have been seen and centers for activity differ between night and day (DeMarignac and Gruber 1997). 
Morrissey and Gruber (1993b) found a drift of the center of activity of 327 m d-1 whereas the mean distance between the locations of the initial and final centers was only 56 m for the 38 juveniles examined.
As an adult, the lemon shark moves offshore and off the east coast of Florida it is thought to migrate southward and into deeper waters at the onset of winter. Clark and von Schmidt (1965) captured 60% of their lemon sharks in May with only a few specimens caught in the winter moths during a 4-year period. 
Juveniles are highly site attached. Telemetered lemon sharks reuse about 40% of the previous days area (Morrissey and Gruber 1993b). Larger sharks also show some degree of site attachment. One recaptured lemon shark swam approximately 14 km away from the tagging site (Gruber et al 1988) but many individuals of 150 cm or more have been recaptured over a period of several years in practically the same location.
Tagging has given an opportunity to monitor movements over longer periods. Movements of lemon sharks at Bimini were 0 to 6.5 km in 265 days, while those in the Florida Keys ranged from 0 to more than 100 km over 165 days. The average movement of young sharks was 8 km (Henningsen and Gruber 1985).   
Habitat selection 
Juveniles and subadult lemon sharks use only a fraction of the available habitat and home ranges often overlap (DeMarignac and Gruber 1996; Morrissey 1991). Juvenile lemon sharks in the North Sound at Bimini use contours of water depth, water temperature, and bottom type disproportionately to the availability of these variables. They select shallow water of 0-50 cm and warm water of 30 C or more. They also prefer rocky or sandy substrate (Morrissey and Gruber 1993a). The reason for selecting shallow water close to mangrove roots may be for protection from larger sharks that cannot enter the area. The mangrove roots are also rich with potential prey for the young sharks. Avoiding grass beds may be due to stinging epizooites on blades and difficulty of locating prey in the mat. Yet the presence of sea grasses in the gut demonstrates that lemon sharks regularly feed on grass flats. No preference for a particular salinity was found (Morrissey and Gruber 1993a). Also older specimens occasionally swims in shallow water. Springer (1950) observed adult females swimming in water so shallow that their fins protruded. This has also been seen for subadults in the Bimini Lagoon (pers. obs.) even though at exceptional low tides when the central area is exposed the sharks seem to avoid crossing the lagoon in east-west direction (Correia et al 1997).
Larger sharks tracked at Bimini make deep water excursions. One shark with activity space of 93 km2 spent most of its time at depth 1.5 to 4 meters moving over seagrass beds or a sand bottom (Gruber et al 1988). Tide-related factors as tidal phase and sea level changes, appeared to influence their diel, spatial distribution (Thomassen and Gruber 1996). Lemon sharks change habitat as they grow older. They occasionally enter fresh water but do not seem to penetrate far up tropical rivers. Goldstein et al (1968) reported that the sharks are capable surviving in freshwater by reducing the concentrations of the major extracellular solutes such as urea, NaCl, and tromethylamine oxide.Otherwise they are commonly found around coral keys, at mangrove fringes, around docks, on sand or coral mud bottoms, in saline creeks, in enclosed sounds or bays, and in river mouths (Compagno 1984).  
Population dynamics 
The high annual mortality rate for young-of-the-year lemon sharks (64%) is probably due to predation by larger sharks (Manire and Gruber 1993). Henningsen (1989) found the instantaneous rate of total mortality to be 1.991 yr -1 . Jacobsen (1987) produced an ecosystem-model of the North Sound, Bimini lagoon which suggested that the Sound could support about 250 juvenile lemon sharks. Estimates of the entire Bimini population in 1985 were between 490 and 530 with a density of 5 sharks per km2 (Henningsen and Gruber 1985). The average biomass for lemon sharks in the North Sound nursery was between 0.442 g m-2 . and 1.193 g m-2. The total annual production of these lemon sharks was 630 kg corresponding to about 0.5 grams of new lemon shark tissue for every square meter of lagoon (Henningsen 1989). Hoenig and Gruber (1990) presented a model for estimating the observed rate of population increase from schedules of age-specific survival and fertility. They estimated the annual survival to be between 85-89% after the first year with a survival of 50% with each female producing on average 2.5 females per year. The doubling time would be 46 years indicating the need of a long time to recover from sudden drops in individual number.
A length-frequency diagram in Springer (1950) based on 140 individuals caught in South Florida shows an binomial distribution with the population dominated by individuals of a length of 250 cm.
In an ongoing study, an attempt is being made to tag every lemon shark in the Bimini lagoon. Each spring gill nets are set and up to 200 young lemon shark are caught, marked with passive integrated transponder (PIT) tags. A DNA sample is taken and the sharks are weighed, measured and released. The 3rd season occurs in May/June, 1997. The objective of this research will be to follow the population at Bimini as it matures over a period of five or more years. Thus the study will address questions of growth, distribution, feeding, and mortality. It will also determine relatedness of the population in an attempt to understand how mature females use the nursery ground. The genetic method uses amplification of maternal and sibling DNA by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to assess the breeding biology of the Bimini population (Feldheim et al 1996).  
In the case of the lemon shark, Manire and Gruber (1990) documented the disappearance of juvenile lemon sharks from the lower Florida Keys. Numbers declined precipitously between 1986-1989. They hypothesized that shark fishing tournaments and 20 years of targeting with gill nets had grossly affected the return of mature females to bear new litters. With the outlawing of gill nets in the State of Florida and regulations on the taking of sharks, they believed that the lemon shark might make a come back. That optimism was not justified. According to Botten (personal communication) who has a data base of 583 lemon shark tagged and released between July, 1984 and July, 1992, there has been no apparent recovery. Although effort is not reported, Botten's catch/tag rate plummeted from 172 in 1987 to 105 in 1988 to 58 in 1989 to 46 in 1990 to 11 in 1991 to 10 in 1992. Botten reports that today he sees an occasional nurse shark but hardly ever sees any lemon sharks. Consequently he has given up his NMFS supported tagging campaign.
Age and growth
Growth rate 
The growth of lemon sharks has been measured in several different ways. Moss (1967) used tooth replacement in juveniles to estimate the growth rate. Tetracycline marking was used as a time mark to validate the counts of growth rings in the vertebrae of recaptured lemon sharks (Gruber et al 1985; Brown and Gruber 1985; Gruber and Stout 1983). A simpler way is to recapture tagged sharks to provide with estimates of growth rate (Henningsen and Gruber 1985, Manire and Gruber 1991). 
Early estimates of growth present a high rate of 165 cm in 6 months (Springer 1950), roughly 10 cm in the first 40 days of life of young which lived under a dock (Springer 1939), 35 cm in a 170 cm specimen between 24 April and 12 September (Clark and von Schmidt 1965).
By marking 1923 juveniles and recapturing 207 of these after an average time of 198 days in the Florida Keys, Henningsen and Gruber (1985) found a growth rate of 8.36 cm year-1. In the same study but with 207 juveniles marked at Bimini, Bahamas and 52 recaptures after an average time of 269 days the growth was found to be 8.25 cm year-1. Newborns grows at a rate of  10.55 cm year-1.
The results of the field studies indicate a growth rate in the early years of 7 to 11 cm year -1 which is more likely to be true than Moss’ (1976) estimated growth rate close to 35 cm year-1 in the corresponding age class calculation based on tooth replacement.
In a study on home range (Morrissey and Gruber 1993b) 17 juveniles were recaptured after 8-1055 days, growing -0.3 to 28.2 cm PCL corresponding to a yearly growth of -6.4 and 9.9 cm.
In an outdoor pond where the young lemon sharks had unlimited food, they grew up to 40 cm year-1 equivalent with an weight increase of 8.76 kg/y (Gruber and Stout 1983). In a comparative study, lemon sharks tagged with M-type, stainless steel, dart tags grew at 1/2 the rate of sharks tagged with glass encapsulated, PIT microtags. After finding a significant morbidity associated with the M-tags, Manire and Gruber (1991) recommended that dart tags be restricted to sharks over 100 cm in length. 
Slow rates of consumption and digestion are factors that probably limit growth in the lemon shark (Wetherbee 1990). Maximum growth rate in the laboratory was 140 kJ kg -1d -1(0.66% bw day -1), a maintenance ration of 199 kJ kg -1d -1(1.06%), and losses due to starvation were 1.11% d -1or -236 kJ kg -1d -1 (Cortes and Gruber 1994). When the lemon shark loses about 80% of its in-air weight, physiological processes become irreversible and ultimately resulting in death (Gruber 1980, Baldridge 1972).
Calorimetry tests and chemical analyses show that the energy content of a lemon shark's body is, 5.9 kJ g -1 for fresh tissue and 21.2 kJ g -1 dry. Water content is 72.0 %, ash 2.17 %, protein 18.7 % and fat content is 7 % (Gruber 1984). 
By using tetracycline marking in conjunction with tag and recapture Brown and Gruber (1988) obtained growth curves for both males and females. These were fitted to a von Bertalanffy equation with the result 
 
PCL=323.00(1-e -0.055(t+2.314))	for males, 
PCL=310.10(1-e -0.065(t+2.253))	for females and 
PCL=317.65(1-e -0.057(t+2.302))	n=110, r2=0.99 when combined,
 
where PCL is precaudal length in meters at time t in years. These equation assume the maximum length to be around 323 cm PCL for males and 310 cm PCL for females. 
Aging and tetracycline validation
As young lemon sharks grow they form growth zones in their vertebral centra which can take as little time as one lunar month to form. The first bands probably forms after 4 to 5 months after birth (Gruber and Stout 1983). A one year old lemon shark can have up to three, broad, growth zones or bands. The first growth band is usually quite constant in size, about 5.3 to 5.4 mm in diameter, independent of age. But as they grow, the width of the second band can vary 15-fold (Gruber and Stout 1983) making temporal interpretation difficult. Later it was discovered that lemon sharks lay down fine growth zones called circuli. By counting circuli and using tetracycline validated vertebral centra in 55 wild caught specimens, Brown and Gruber (1988) found that one circulus was formed every 29 days which means that a 1-year old shark will have 13 such circuli. The number of circuli (C) deposited after tetracycline injection showed a linear relationship to the number of days (D) after injection.

D=29.21*C+23.02;	n=55, r2=0.97

For the lemon shark, a near shore species, lunar phases and tidal influences may play an important role (Thomassen and Gruber, 1996) in food availability, activity, stress, temperature, and salinity, any of which could be a factor influencing circulus deposition. 
The tetracycline markings by Gruber and Stout (1983) were on both field and captive sharks. Three wild specimens were recaptured and nine captive sharks were injected with tetracycline hydrochloride at a rate of 12.5 mg kg-1. In a histological examination of 20 sharks the vertebrae were stained with alizarin red S which proved to give the best differentiation in comparison with xylene clearing, hematoxylin and eosin, and silver nitrate staining. The largest vertebrae number 45 was chosen for analysis. A linear relationship between the precaudal length (PCL) and the number of growth bands (GB) in the vertebral centra was found

GB=0.16*PCL-5.86;	n=20, r2=0.85

A band composed of an array of concentric structures or ”circuli”.
Food and feeding 
Foraging of the lemon shark is relatively well known and several studies have been conducted both in the laboratory and field (summarized by Wetherbee et al 1990). Other reports on feeding are Schmid and Murru (1992) and Schurdak and Gruber (1988). 
Feeding mechanism 
The anatomy and functional morphology of the feeding mechanism was studied under high speed photography by Motta and Wilga (1994), Motta et al (1991;1995; 1997), and Frazetta and Prange (1987). Motta and Wilga (1995) presented the anatomy of the feeding apparatus. An electromyographic analyses of the biting mechanism of the lemon shark has been given in Motta et al (1991) and a conservative motor and kinematic patterns was given in Motta et al (1995). See also Motta & Wilga (1996). Moss (1972) studied the feeding mechanism in Carcharhinids, among them the lemon shark, by direct observation and photographically. 

A bite may vary in intensity from weak to strong (Motta et al 1991).  Weak bites are characterized by no head elevation or upper jaw protrusion and are most commonly evoked by probing the oral cavity. Another type of weak bite is when the mandible is first depressed, then raised as the is head is depressed, such that the longitudinal axis of the head is lowered below the resting position. Strong bites involve cranial elevation followed by lower jaw depression and are elicited most frequently by stimulation of the pharyngeal cavity through the gills.  However only little or no protrusion of the upper jaw was seen in the experiment. The duration of a complete bite takes about 176 msec (+- 42 msec SD)(Motta et al 1991). 

Kinematic patterns of feeding known in aquatic amniotes involves an expansive, compressive and recovery phase. These phases are conserved during ingestion bites, manipulation bites and hydraulic transport events (Motta et al 1997). Occasionally a preparatory phase can be seen prior to ingestion bites. The expansion phase either begins with mandible depression or cranial elevation and terminates with maximum gape. The compressive phase generally begins with elevation of the mandible and the head is depressed shortly thereafter and ends with the jaws closed on the food. The expansive phase is not faster than the compressing or closing phase.
Maximum hyobranchial depression occurs after maximum gape during ram, bites and hydraulic transports (Motta et al 1997).
In a study of the feeding mechanism using high speed photography, Frazetta and Prange (1987) saw that the sharks approach the bait rapidly and directly. The capture of the prey is done by initial ram capture bites, manipulation bites and suction transport of the prey into the esophagus (Motta et al 1995). In the ram capture bite the head is lifted relative the anterior trunk and the lower jaw depressed. With an open mouth the shark swims over the prey after which it closes its mouth by lowering the head. At this moment a transverse bulge sometimes developed in the region of the upper lip produced by the protraction of the jaws relative the chondrocranium. Also the side of the head just below and behind the eyes widens. Time from mouth opening to maximum gape was about 0.07 sec with the closing of the mouth taking only 0.05 sec (Frazetta and Prange 1987). Suction transport involves more rapid opening and upper jaw protrusion as compared to capture bites and the prey is transported into the esophagus by suction (Motta et al 1995). These feeding behaviors differ in motor activity patterns such as depression of the mandible and protrusion of the upper jaw.
The manipulation bite is often a result of the prey being too large to swallow whole. Then the shark begins with opening the mouth by raising the head and lowering the lower jaw then trying to embrace the largest amount of prey possible. When doing so the teeth become unusually visible enabling them to dig deeper into the flesh of the prey. The shark shakes its head violently from side to side while swimming jerkily ahead with the prey held in its mouth. This shaking results in the teeth cutting through the flesh of the prey excising a piece from it (Frazetta and Prange 1987, Moss 1972).
Motta et al (1997) filmed 7 juveniles ranging in size from 66.5 to 78 cm in TL when feeding using high-speed video and synchronized the recordings with electromyographic (EMG) signals. A total of 30 bites were used for analysis of kinematics and of these 15 had accompanying EMG data. Duration of the kinematic feeding events was recorded and analyzed as 14 events:
1	time from start of mandible depression to maximum mandible depression (mandible depression)
2	time from maximum mandible depression to end of mandible elevation (mandible elevation)
3	total time for mandible depression and elevation
4	time from beginning of lower jaw depression to beginning of head elevation
5	time from start of head elevation to maximum head elevation (head elevation)
6	time from maximum head elevation to end of head depression (head depression)
7	total time of head elevation and depression
8	time from start of mandible depression to start of jaw protrusion
9	time from start of palatoquadrate protrusion to maximum jaw protrusion (palatoquadrate protrusion)
10	time from maximum palatoquadrate protrusion to end of jaw retraction (palatoquadrate retraction)
11	total time of palatoquadrate protrusion and retraction
12	time from start of mandible depression to maximum gape
13	time from start of mandible depression to maximum hyobranchial depression
14	time from start of mandible depression to end of palatoquadrate retraction (usually the duration of the entire bite)
EMG was recorded by implanting electrodes with 23 gauge hypodermic needles in 11 cranial muscles per animal. The muscles included: the levator palatoqaudrati, dorsal preorbitalis, ventral orbitalis, quadratomandibularis dorsal, quadratomandibularis ventral, levator hyomandibularis, coracobranchialis, coracoarcualis, coracomandibularis, coracohyoideus and epaxialis. These muscles have been shown to be involved in feeding in sharks.
Feeding events were categorized as: ingestion bites; manipulation bites, which immediately followed ingestion bites and during which the food was usually repositioned or cut by the teeth; and hydraulic transport events in which food was moved rapidly from between the teeth through the pharynx into the esophagus.
Three separate feeding events were distinguished: prey ingestion bites, manipulations bites and hydraulic transport of the food through the pharynx.
A typical event was seen as the shark swam over the food when ingesting, i.e. ram feeding, and in some cases also suction the food into the mouth. When ram feeding the food stuff is quickly transported past the jaws and through the pharynx. After capturing the food it is manipulated by one or more rapid bites to positioned it for swallowing. If the food is too large to swallow the sharks shakes its head vigorously with the food between its jaws resulting in the teeth cutting out a smaller piece. 
The bite usually begins with the initiation of mandible depression, followed by cranial elevation creating a opened mouth as the shark swims over the food. Maximum mandible depression occurred just before maximum cranial elevation but the maximum gape occurred in between. Elevation of the mandible was followed closely by depression of the head. Palatoquadrate protrusion began shortly after the beginning of mouth closure. Maximum palatoquadrate protrusion usually occurred at the end of head depression and mandible elevation as the food was pierced by the upper and lower teeth. Maximum depression of the hyobranchial area occurred at the end of the bite as the mouth was closed on the food. The total time for protrusion and retraction of the upper jaw was highly variable and both were longer than the entire preceding sequence. Mean palatoquadrate retraction time was approximately three times longer than protrusion. However palatoquadrate protrusion was entirely lacking in some food ingestion bites. Duration of entire ingestion ranged from 160 to 730 ms with an average of 309 ms. Duration of hydraulic transport events ranged 135 to 350 ms, with an average of 207 ms.
Ingestion bites had longer duration than hydraulic transport for mandible depression, total time of mandible depression and elevation, head elevation, total time of head elevation and depression, time lag from the start of jaw protrusion to the start of mandible depression, time from the start of mandible depression to maximum gape, time from the start of mandible depression to maximum hyobranchial depression and time from the start of mandible depression to the end of palatoquadrate protrusion.

Motor patterns
Weak bites most commonly do not include cranial elevation, resulting in no epaxial muscle activity. There exists a continuum in epaxial muscle activity depending on the degree of head elevation. In strong bites cranial elevation precedes lower jaw depression by an average of 36 msec while head depression begins approximately equally before and simultaneously with mouth elevation (Motta et al 1991).
The first muscles activated during feeding were mandible abduction or depression units; coracoarcualis, coracomandibularis and coracohyoideus. Cranial elevation was concomitant with epaxialis muscle activity. Maximum hyobranchial depression occurred towards the termination of jaw elevation. The dorsal and ventral quadratomandibularis caused the jaws to adduct. Maximum palatoquadrate protrusion occurred at approximately the cessation of activity of the dorsal and ventral preorbitalis and the levator palatoquadrate muscles.
In the ingestion bites, the dorsal and ventral quadratomandibularis as well as the dorsal and ventral preorbitalis all had second bursts of activity. The levator hyomandibularis muscle was the last muscle to initiate activity in the food ingestion bites. Differences were found between sharks for the onset of the coracobranchialis muscles and for the duration of muscle activity of the epaxialis, coracoarcualis, coracohyoideus, coracobranchialis and levator palatoqaudrati muscles (Motta et al 1997).

Feeding habits 
Food items 
Several studies have been conducted to determine the natural diet of the lemon shark. About a quarter (Cortes and Gruber 1990) to a third (Banner 1972) of all stomachs of field-captured lemon sharks are empty; and of stomachs with food 80% have only one or two items (Cortes 1987). Yet the lemon shark has the capacity to expand its stomach and consume large prey. One 56 cm precaudal length (PCL) individual consumed a 22 cm barracuda, a 24 cm mullet, a 12 cm seabream, and a 5 cm gold-spotted killifish (Cortes and Gruber 1990). 
There seems to be a gradual change in the diet from juveniles to adults. Young sharks feed mainly on teleosts, crustaceans (small portunid crabs and panaeid shrimp) and octopods (Wetherbee et al 1990; Wetherbee 1990; Cortes and Gruber 1990; Schmidt 1986, Banner 1972). As they grow the diet of lemon sharks is dominated by teleost and cartilaginous fishes and the adults even eat sea birds (Springer 1950, Dahlberg and Heard 1969, Snelson and Williams 1981). For larger lemon sharks (>140 cm) the diet may constitute about 70% teleosts and 20% elasmobranchs, including other lemon sharks as well as larger crustaceans (5%) such as spiny lobster, Panularus sp and portunid crabs (Wetherbee et al 1990, Gruber 1984, Cortes and Gruber 1990, Vorenberg 1962, Clark and von Schmidt 1965). 
[The teleosts comprise 71%, batricoidae, carangidae, congeridae, mugilidae, murenidae, ostraciontidae, and pomadasyidae and crustaceans 19% portunidae, paniluridae, squllidae and panaeidae. Cephalopoda and Elasmobranchii were 5% each (Gruber 1984). Turtle grass was found in 29% of all stomachs.]
Plant material, mainly turtle grass, Thallassia testudinum  and manatee grass, Cymodocea manatearum has been found in 11% of all stomachs and comprises about 11% of stomach contents (Cortes and Gruber 1990). Sea grass however is probably ingested along with other prey as these sharks forage in the grass beds. Plant material is not considered to be actively selected by the sharks. The most abundant prey in the stomach also seems to be the most abundant in the surroundings (Wetherbee et al 1990) indicating that the lemon shark is an opportunistic feeder. But recent evidence suggests that some selection is occurring. These studies are on-going.  
Food processing 
Gastric evacuation, the rate at which ingested food passes through the stomach seems to follow a temperature dependent, linear relationship. On average, the food (S) remaining in the stomach after the time t for temperatures between 20-30o C is roughly described by S = 103.3 - 2.95t (Cortes and Gruber 1992). The larger the meal, the sooner feces are produced. The minimum gut transit time is usually about 14 to 17 hours (Wetherbee and Gruber 1990; Wetherbee et al 1987; Ramsay and Gruber 1984). Depending on type of food and temperature, between 25 and 41 h are needed to evacuate 99% of the food from the stomach (Cortes and Gruber 1992; Wetherbee et al 1990). Fecal production continues until the alimentary tract is completely emptied which requires up to 90 hours (Wetherbee 1990, Wetherbee et al 1987; Ramsay and Gruber 1984).
Intestinal protrusion
The digestive system in the lemon shark consists of a large cardiac stomach extending from the anterior to the posterior. At the posterior end the long, slender pyloric stomach extends forward along the cardiac stomach almost to its anterior end before turning posteriorly again where it ends at the beginning of the scroll valve which ends at the rectum. This loop can be straightened out to evert the scroll valve through the cloaca. This behavior was seen for three shark lasting between 4-18 seconds (Crow et al 1990). It is suggested that this serve as a flushing action to remove undigested matter or intestinal parasites.
Efficiencies 
Of food ingested, dry and organic matter is absorbed by the lemon shark at efficiencies of 75-90%. Absorption efficiency, i.e. amount of ingested energy that is taken up through the intestine, of energy is between 60-80% (Wetherbee and Gruber 1993a). These values are about the same as for teleosts (Wetherbee 1990). Absorption efficiency, is low at low intakes, probably due to sub optimal stimulation of the digestive tract. It then increases with increasing intake and declines at relatively high intakes (Wetherbee and Gruber 1993a). Of the absorbed food, about 15-25% is converted into new tissue (Cortes and Gruber 1994). The gross conversion efficiency, i.e. ingested energy which is converted into new tissue (K= Prod/Cons), averages 22.4 % at 25oC for a captive juvenile fed ad libitum  (Gruber 1984).
Ecological energetics
By combining several studies on the lemon shark, it is possible to make an ecological assessment of the energy turnover for a population. The equation is similar to the one used for the individual with some slight modification. Grodzinsky (1975) gave the general equation

A = Kb (N + W + Ob) + Km (N + W + M + T) = Kc (N + C + T) - K (N + (F+U) + T)

where 
A = assimilation
N = number of individual per unit area in time T
W = average individual weight of the collectable  specimens
Ob = turnover of biomass, i.e. production in time T
Kb = caloric value of average animal
M = average daily metabolic rate
Km = oxycalorific value
C = average daily consumption of an average individual
Kc = average caloric value of food
FU = average production of feces and urine
Ke = caloric value of ejecta
T = period of time (days)

This equation says that assimilation equals the sum of production and respiration (mid equation) as well as the difference between caloric value of the food and losses from feces and urine (right hand side). If the blue runner (Caranx crysos) can be assumed as a representative food item the Kc would be 5.2 kJ g-1 wet weight (20.15 kJ g-1 dry weight) and the lemon shark, Kb contains 21.2 kJ g-1 (dry weight) and 5.9 kJ g-1 (wet weight) (Gruber 1984). 
Behavior
The behavior of sharks was summarized by Gruber and Myrberg (1977) where the lemon shark was mentioned for its capabilities to learn in conditioning experiments.
Avoidance behavior was seen when the shark was induced to bite by probing the oral or pharyngeal cavity with an insulated copper wire probe or plastic probe. The behavior involved is characterized by mandible depression, and in some cases cranial elevation, but no jaw closure (Motta et al 1991).
Learning 
Lemon sharks have been subjects in classical and instrumental conditioning experiments (Graeber 1972; Clark 1963). Conditioning has been used as an aid several times to investigate the vision of the lemon shark (e.g. Gruber 1967, Gruber et al 1963) and hearing (Nelson 1967a) as well as testing shark repellents (Gruber 1983, Gruber & Zlotkin 1982). The species can be rapidly and reliably trained to perform a variety of tasks, although not all specimens conform to this (Gruber 1967). Clark (1961), trained a female and a male, both about 3 m, to feed at target which, when pressed, caused a submerged bell to ring. Seven weeks later the sharks were rewarded, for pressing the target, with remotely placed food. After a 10-week period without training, they still retained this conditioned response. 

In an extensive series of psychophysical experiments Gruber and his students (Gruber 1967, Gruber 1977a,b; Gruber and Schneiderman, 1975) first tried to condition the sharks with heart-rate deceleration, however this technique was completely unsuccessful. By luck it was found that the third eyelid responded to the electric stimulus and in this way they showed that lemon sharks can be trained on a visual tasks and learn more quickly than rabbits trained under the same stimulus conditions. The sharks, placed in a special apparatus and held on place by a harness surrounding the body, were conditioned to move the third eyelid, nictitating membrane, by electric shock (unconditioned stimulus) upon light stimulus (conditioned stimulus) with both variations in the intensity of the light and different frequencies of a flickering light. Eventually, the shark would move their eyelid when only the light was turned on. It was (Gruber 1977a).

In experiments on the hearing of the lemon shark, Nelson (1967a) fed sharks with small pieces of fish in association with a sound. After a week the first indications of learning was seen and after two to three weeks the sharks were fully trained. When presenting the sound to a shark it abruptly terminated its random activities and swam directly to the transducer. Another, electric shock reinforced, conditioned response was the escape from a shock from which the first signs of learning were seen within two days. The two different conditions were then combined with one sound frequency rewarding food while another sound frequency administered shock. In the beginning the shark approach the transducer at both the food signal and the shock signal. After about six days the shark had learned to avoid the transducer at the presentation of the shock sound while still retaining a clear approach response when presented with the food signal.
Younger sharks seem to learn more quickly than older ones (Wright and Jackson 1964). Springer (1950) reported that newborn sharks readily take a hook baited with cut fish. However, newborns may have to learn what prey is (Beulig 1982). Lemon sharks can be trained to a variety of sensory stimuli such as to discriminate between a flickering light and a steady source (Gruber 1969) or between acoustical tones at 40 and 60 Hz (Nelson 1967a). In the field, recapturing young lemon sharks first captured in nets can be difficult as they seem to quickly learn to avoid gill nets (Manire and Gruber 1993).   
Social behavior
 The lemon sharks frequently group into aggregations and even schools. The number varies from a few up to 25 individuals (DeMarignac and Gruber 1996;1997; Morrissey and Gruber 1993b; Springer 1950). As is seen in many other shark species some segregation by size and sex has been reported (Compagno 1984, Springer 1950) but we have never seen such segregation at Bimini.
Juveniles appear to be highly social and perform action patterns in a social context such as "circle-head-to-tail" and "follow" behaviors (Morrissey and Gruber 1993b; Gruber and Myrberg 1977). Beulig (1974) reported that young sharks kept isolated in a large cement tank showed a higher tendency of elevated swimming velocity with sudden changes, appearing more ”stressed” than when held in a group with other juveniles. The feeding behavior also seem to be affected by the presence of other individuals (Beulig 1982). Groups of sharks have been observed to feed on isolated schools of fish (Morrissey and Gruber 1993b). Large lemon sharks have been seen associated with jacks, Caranx sp., barracudas, Sphyraena barracuda , southern stingrays, Dasyatis americana and nurse sharks, G. cirratum. Remoras, Echeneis naucrates commonly associate with specimens larger than 100 cm (Gruber et al. 1988, Dahlberg and Heard 1969). Lemon sharks were also seen in a massive aggregation of at least 17 other elasmobranch species present near Mustang and Padre Islands on the coast of Texas (Parker and Bailey 1979). Aggressive behavior seems rare and Gruber (1980) reported only two cases of dead animals with teeth markings from aquarium held specimens. Though mature females are often seen with marks on their body, probably as a result of the males biting them during courtship (Clark 1963). Vorenberg (1962) reported cannibalism in lemon and bull sharks induced by one member of a group getting injured. Further hooking other individuals resulted in the hooked specimens being preyed upon probably as a result of a ”feeding-frenzy”.
In an aquarium study, cleaner wrasses Labroides dimidiatus repeatedly showed cleaning behavior towards several shark species, among these four lemon sharks of 2.0-2.5 meters. They approached the shark in a manner similar to approaching reef fishes. The cleaners entered the mouth and cleaned around the eyes. When becoming too persistent in their cleaning of the eyes the lemon shark occasionally twitched or closed the nictitating membrane. During mouth cleaning, the shark stopped breathing and resumed ventilation after the wrasse's departure (Keyes 1982). 
In a study of classical conditioning by Clark (1963) it seemed like the female waited for the male to feed first before she attempted to eat. Indications of individual characteristics have been reported by Nelson (1967a) who held a juvenile which ”spent much time resting quietly on the bottom”. Very individual diel activity rhythms were noted in three subadults in the field (Sundström 1997).
Rhythms 
Activity 
 The lemon shark has been described as both a nocturnal (juveniles) (Nixon and Gruber 1988) and crepuscular species (DeMarignac and Gruber 1996; Correia et al 1995; Morrissey 1991; Gruber et al 1988). At the same time, several field studies suggested no apparent temporal pattern with respect to feeding (Wetherbee 1990; Cortes and Gruber 1990; Cortes 1987), space usage (juveniles)(Morrissey and Gruber 1993b) or swimming speed (subadults) (Sundström 1997). Laboratory studies provided evidence of nocturnality in the juvenile lemon shark when swimming speed increased from 0.17 bl s-1 during the day to 0.33 bl s-1 at night (Nixon and Gruber 1988). One of the sharks in the study was held in a constant dim red light, and even then did it maintained a cyclical activity pattern indicating an internal clock. In a long term tracking study by Correia et al (1995), subadult lemon sharks initially caught at night on the western side of the Bimini lagoon regularly moved eastward at dawn, remained on the flats east of the lagoon until dusk and at dusk and returned to the western edge of the lagoon where they spent the night. However, individuals originally captured in the eastern side of the lagoon appeared to have a north-south diel pattern. In a later study by Sundström (1997), on subadults captured east of the lagoon, different activity patters were found for the three sharks concerned. Results were based on swimming speed, temporal distribution of bursts of speed, and comparison between speed transmitter monitored swimming speed and point-to-point movement speed. However these results should be regarded as preliminary. It has been suggested that the lemon shark uses the sun as an orientation cue for these movements (Gruber et al 1988). These movement patterns may be related to feeding or refuging (DeMarignac and Gruber 1996;1997, Correia et al 1996, Gruber et al 1988). No such diel differences in space utilization were found for juveniles (Morrissey and Gruber 1993b).  
Feeding 
In a study of captive lemon sharks, Graeber (1974) found that consumption gradually increased over a period of three days but dropped abruptly on the fourth day. Similarly, a four day feeding cycle was found by Longval et al (1982). They stated that appetite varies over time and that contrary to earlier statements, hunger and satiation definitely operate in the behavior of the lemon shark. In captivity, the shark quickly learns to eat cut fish but will not overeat (Gruber 1980, Gruber and Keyes 1981). However, feeding behavior can be affected by the experimental condition and the presence or absence of other sharks (Beulig 1982).
Banner (1972) reported that no evident correlation was found between tidal stage or time of day and stomach content. These findings were later confirmed by studies by Cortes (1987) and Cortes and Griber (1990). Cortes (1987) estimated that lemon sharks feed over a period of 10 hours, then fast for next 32 hours. However, feeding appears to be asynchronous and intermittent and exhibits no special pattern of periodicity (Cortes and Gruber 1990). They were not able to see any temporal pattern in amount of food in stomach; neither were differences seen in the amount of food consumed by males and females. Likewise, flood and ebb tides did not seem to affect the quantity of stomach content (Cortes and Gruber 1990; Cortes 1987). Lemon sharks can be caught both at day time and night time but night fishing is usually more successful (Springer 1950).
No difference were found between summer and winter growth in juveniles at Bimini which suggests that no seasonal difference in feeding behavior exists (Manire and Gruber 1991). However much more work needs to be done to support this conclusion. Banner (1972) reported that stingrays (Dasyatis spp.) and eagle rays (Aetobatus narinari) were particularly common during the summer months. 
Banner (1972) visually observing shark reported that young lemon sharks appeared to be constantly searching for food, and frequently circled clumps of weed or debris. Teleosts fleed when sharks approached but the latter did not usually pursue. In a pursuit of a 15 cm barracuda the shark chased for about 20 m before giving up. The barracuda stayed about a meter in front of the shark and appeared swimming quite idle and only gave occasional bursts of speed when the shark accelerated. 
Swimming behavior
The lemon sharks are constantly patrolling, bottom orienting animals, typically maintaining a distance of a few centimeters above the substrate while patrolling. The slow side-to-side sweep of the shark's body is accompanied by small, horizontal shifts of eye position with respect to the head. The lemon shark seems to be adapted to a two-dimensional way of living, like terrestrial predators such as the cheetah, living in open grasslands. Lemon sharks do not stop and fixate a visual target, either monoculary or binoculary. They show initial visual interest in an object by swimming past and returning to the object while keeping it within range. When at rest on the bottom they respond to a new visual stimulus by initiating patrolling behavior. Since their only major predators are larger sharks, the presence of a large, moving visual stimulus can elicit rapid withdrawal (Hueter 1991).
When low-frequency sounds were played back several shark species, including the lemon shark, were attracted to the transducer. Initially, the shark would swim directly toward the transducer along a straight line representing the radius of the circular field of visibility (Nelson and Gruber 1963). After the initial approach the sharks veered away at distances of from 1 to 12 meters from the transducer and departed, sometimes lingering or circling a few minutes near the limit of visibility . The shark seen during periods when sounds were not played did not swim toward the transducer but along a line representing a chord of the filed of visibility, passing about 14 meters from the transducer.
Juveniles tracked in the North Sound, Bimini, Bahamas, were found to swim within 50 m of the shoreline but occasionally undertaking brief longer excursion into little used areas (Morrissey and Gruber 1993b).
Speed
The reported swimming speed of lemon sharks varies somewhat but most reports lie between 0.3 and 0.4 bl s-1 for cruising at which speed the lemon shark is reported to ram ventilate (Bushnell et al 1989). Scharold and Gruber (1991) recorded speeds sustained for 35-50 minutes in a respirometer ranging from 0.31 to 0.57 bl s -1 with a mean of 0.41 bl s-1. Sharks never spent more than one minute swimming at speeds outside this range. One specimen swam for more than 13 h without rest. Bushnell et al (1989) reported a speed of 0.3 to 0.4 bl s -1 for juveniles swimming in a circular respirometer with some specimens being active for 3 to 5 h intervals without resting on the bottom. More typically, however, the sharks would swim for 30 minutes and then rest on the bottom for 3-7 minutes before resuming swimming again. Cortes and Gruber (1994) reported a somewhat lower value; 0.2 bl s -1 for both starved and fed sharks swimming in a large tank. As noted, a difference in diel swimming speeds was found by Nixon and Gruber 1988 for juveniles. Rates changed from 0.17 bl s-1 during the day to 0.33 bl s-1 at night with a 24 hr average of 0.25 bl s-1.
For two large sharks (178 and 210 cm) in the field, the swimming speed was measured at 0.33 bl s-1 (Gruber et al 1988). A somewhat higher result-0.47 bl s -1, was reported for a 200 cm+ lemon shark swimming in a large pool (Webb and Keyes 1982). In study with speed-sensing transmitters attached to subadult lemon sharks, speeds from three individuals averaged 0.36 bl s -1 corresponding well with several of the previous studies (Sundström 1997). In this study, the swimming speeds agreed with theoretically expected swimming speeds (Weihs et al 1981). 
Movements are probably positively correlated with hydrodynamics pattern (Correia et al 1997).
Occasionally, free ranging lemon sharks rest at the bottom (personal observation). Graham et al (1990) found that critical swimming speed for a 70 cm lemon shark in a large water tunnel respirometer was 1.1 bl s-1. Voluntary a juvenile sustained (1h) a swimming speed of 0.63 bl s-1 (Bushnell et al 1989).
In a preliminary field study actual swimming speed monitored with a speed transmitter was about double the speed measured by averaging the distance traveled over 15 min. divided by the time. Results were from only a few hours of observations on two sharks (Gruber et al 1988). More recent results from Sundström (1997) indicate a smaller difference, with transmitter speed being about 1.6 times faster than 15 min. point-to-point speeds. When calculated over a 5 minute interval, the transmitter speed decreased to only being 1.15 faster than point-to-point speed.
Bursts
Burst speeds were reported by Gero (1952) who, using rod and reel, recorded the maximum speed of a 184 cm lemon shark swimming at 8.6 Km h -1(1.3 bl s -1) Springer and Gold (1989) wrote that lemon sharks can achieve brief (2 sec) bursts of speed of 17-18 Km h -1-1. We have crudely recorded speeds of 30 km h -1
by chasing lemon sharks with a boat equipped with a speedometer. Bursts of speed likely indicate either an escape response or an attack on prey as no territorial behavior has been reported (Gruber et al. 1988). For non-disturbed subadults equipped with speed sensing transmitter, the highest monitored burst speed was 8.1 km/h for a 170 cm lemon shark. Average burst speed was 4.4 km/h with a duration of 8 seconds on average (Sundström 1997). During 117 h of tracking 88 bursts of speed were recorded giving an average of 18 bursts per day.
Mechanics
The tail-beat frequency increases with speed (Graham et al 1990). In an experiment with one specimen of 70 cm Graham et al (1990) obtained an equation for the tail-beat frequency (TBF) as a function of swimming speed (V) expressed in body lengths (cm) per second

TBF=1.56V0.482;	n=29, r2=0.68

For a 200 cm shark swimming at 0.47 bl s -1, tail-beat frequency was 0.95 Hz; specific tail beat amplitude was 0.18 amplitude bl -1; specific stride length i.e. distance traveled per tail beat was 0.58 bl (Webb and Keyes 1982). 
Clark (1963) reported sharks in captivity tended to swim in wide clockwise circles with the male having more counterclockwise turns. At one occasion directly after transmitter insertion a female of  154 cm TL, the first author followed the released shark by snorkeling. Instead of turning 90 degrees to the right, she turned left in a circle of 270 degrees. During the follow which lasted for about 10 minutes this happened twice in an otherwise quite straight swimming.
Reproductive behavior 
In a single, fortuitous observation of a pair of captive lemon sharks, Clark (1963) reported that during copulation the male and female swim side by side with rhythmic synchronous movement, heads slightly apart and the posterior portions of their bodies and tails touching closely. The copulation lasted for at least half an hour. 
Newly mated females display deep lacerations which heal rapidly and form the so-called mating scars. The lacerations come from the teeth of males attempting to induce mating during courtship (Springer 1950, Clark 1963). Bleeding claspers in the male may indicate recent mating (Clark and von Schmidt 1965). 
Tonic immobility 
When the lemon shark is inverted it enters a relaxed state inappropriately called tonic immobility (TI), also known as catalepsy or death feigning. This is an unlearned response characterized by a state of immobility and torpor. It takes an inverted and restrained shark about 15-20 seconds to enter TI (Gruber and Zlotkin 1982) and it can last for more than 25 minutes (Watsky and Gruber 1990). The termination of TI is preceded by deeper, accelerated respiratory movements and contractions of the gill musculature (Zlotkin and Gruber 1984). Once the shark is righted it immediately swims away. In a study of habituation, serially repeated trials showed that the duration of TI decreases with increasing number of trials. After 20 days with one trail per day, the duration had decreased to 20 minutes (Watsky and Gruber 1990). TI is useful when handling large sharks, especially during surgery (personal experience). The response has been used in a bioassay to test shark repellents (Gruber and Zlotkin 1982).
Need for more
Although being perhaps the best known elasmobranch in general there are still several areas that are poorly known. The ability to survive in captivity led to an extensive research on the smaller specimens. Still we know very little of the adult individuals. In the field work the subadults have been studied to a larger extent but still the adults are poorly known. Their migratory behavior has excluded them from studies limited in space utilization. Bigger boats are needed if the researchers are to stay out longer periods and move over larger areas. Thus the economy will decide.
Acknowledgments
This review was partly funded by the University of Linköping. The authors also would like to thank the staff at the library at the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science, University of Miami for providing many of the papers. A special appreciation is directed to Dr. Eugenie Clark for material on the mating behavior.
References 
Banner, A. 1972. Use of sound in predation by young lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Bulletin of Marine Science 22:251-283.
Banner, A. 1967. Evidence of sensitivity to acoustic displacement in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). In: Cahn, P.H. (ed.). Lateral Line Detectors. Indiana University Press, Bloomington, Indiana pp. 265-273. 
Banner, A. 1968. Attraction of young lemon sharks Negaprion brevirostris  by sound. Copeia 1968:871-872. 
Bennett, M.B. 1993. Vascular reactivity of the efferent branchial arteries of the lemon shark, N. queenslandicus . Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology C-Comparative Pharmacology and Toxicology 105(3):535-541. 
Beulig, A. 1974. The effects of experience on the development of responses to low-frequency sounds in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. PhD diss. The City University of New York, NY. Pp 189.
Beulig, A. 1982. Social and experiential factors in the responsiveness of sharks to sound. Florida Scientist 45(1):2-10. 
Branstetter, S. 1981. Biological notes on the sharks of the north central Gulf of Mexico. Contributions in Marine Science 24(0):13-34. 
Brown, C.A. and S.H. Gruber. 1985. Age validation of tetracycline labeled vertebral centra in a tropical marine predator, the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Florida Scientist 48 (suppl. 1):32. 
Brown, C.A. and S.H. Gruber. 1988. Age assessment of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris, using tetracycline validated vertebral centra. Copeia 3:747-753. 
Bushnell, P.G., P.L. Lutz and S.H. Gruber. 1989. The metabolic rate of an active, tropical elasmobranch, the lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris). Experimental Biology 48:279-283. 
Bushnell, P.G., P.L. Lutz, J.F. Steffensen, A. Oikari and S.H. Gruber. 1982. Increases in arterial blood oxygen during exercise in the lemon shark. Journal of Comparative Physiology 147:41-47. 
Casey, J. G., and J.J. Hoey. 1985. Estimated catches of large sharks by US, recreational fishermen in the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico. NOAA 31:15-19. 
Castro, J.I. 1993. The sharks nursery of Bulls Bay, South Carolina, with a review of the shark nurseries of the south-western coast of the United States. Environmental Biology of Fishes 38(1-3):37-48. 
Cheung, P.J., R.F. Nigrelli, G.D. Ruggieri and A. Cilia. 1982. Treatment of skin lesions in captive lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey), caused by monogeneans ( Dermophthirius sp.). Journal of Fish Diseases 5:167-170. 
Clark, E. 1959. Instrumental conditioning of lemon sharks. Science 130:217-218. 
Clark, E. 1963. The maintenance of sharks in captivity, with a report on their instrumental conditioning. In: Gilbert, P.W. (ed.). Sharks and survival. D.C. Heath Co., Boston p.115-149. 
Clark, E. 1979. The lady and the shark. Harper and Row Co. New York, 269 pp.
Clark, E. and K. von Schmidt. 1965. Sharks of the central gulf coast of Florida. Bulletin of Marine Science 15:15-83. 
Cohen, J.L., R.E. Hueter and D.T. Organisciak. 1990. The presence of a porphyropsin-based visual pigment in the juvenile lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris). Vision Research 30:1949-1953.
Cohen, J.L. 1991. Adaptations for scotopic vision in the lemon shark. The Journal of Experimental Zoology suppl 5:76-84. 
Cohen, J.L. and S.H. Gruber. 1985. Spectral input to the lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris ganglion cells. Journal of Comparative Physiology A 156:579-586. 
Cohen, J.L., S.H. Gruber and D.I. Hamasaki. 1977. Spectral sensitivity and Purkinje shift in the retina of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Vision Research 17:787-792. 
Compagno, L.J.V. 1984. FAO Species Catalogue. An annotated and illustrated catalogue of sharks species known to date. FAO Fisheries Synopsis 4 (125):251-655. 
Correia, J., J.R.C. DeMarignac & S.H. Gruber. 1995. Young lemon shark behavior in Bimini Lagoon. Bahamas Journal of Science 3(1):2-8. 
Correia, J.P., J. DeMarignac and S.H. Gruber. 1996. Young lemon shark behavior in Bimini lagoon. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 76th Annual Meeting, New Orleans June 13-19: 115.
Correia, J.P., R. Miranda, R.J. Neves, L. Thomassen, J.R. DeMarignac, and S.H. Gruber. 1997. Correlation of movement patterns of subadult lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) in Bimini Lagoon, Bahamas, with the local hydrodynamics. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 77th Annual Meeting, Seattle.
Cortes, E. and S.H. Gruber. 1990. Diet, feeding habits, and estimates of daily ration of young lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Copeia 1990: 204-218. 
Cortes, E. and S.H. Gruber. 1992. Gastric evacuation in the young lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris, under field conditions. Environmental Biology of Fishes 35:205-212. 
Cortes, E. and S.H. Gruber. 1994. Effect of ration size on growth and gross conversion efficiency of young lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris. Journal of Fish Biology 44:331-341. 
Corwin, J.T. 1981. Peripheral auditory physiology in the lemon shark: Evidence of parallel otolithic and non-otolithic sound detection. Journal of Comparative Physiology 142:379-390. 
Crow, G.L., J.C. Howe, S. Uchida, S. Kamolnick, M.G. Wisner and J.N. Caira. 1990. Protrusion of the valvular intestine through the cloaca in sharks of the family Carcharhinidae. Copeia(1): 226-228. 
Dahlberg, N.D. and R.W. Heard. 1969. Observations on elasmobranchs from Georgia. Quarterly Journal of Florida Academic Science 32:21-26. 
DeMarignac, J.R.C. and Gruber S.H. 1996. Home range size and diel pattern of the subadult lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris, in Bimini lagoon, Bahamas: a progress report. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 76th annual meeting, New Orleans June 13-19: 121.
DeMarignac, J.R.C. and Gruber S.H. 1997. Home range and diel movement patterns of the subadult lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris, in Bimini, Bahamas. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 77th annual meeting, Seattle.
Feldheim, K.A., M.V. Ashley and S.H. Gruber. 1996. Population genetics and mating system of a population of lemon sharks using microsatellites. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 76th annual meeting, New Orleans June 13-19: 136.
Feldheim, K.A., M.V. Ashley and S.H. Gruber. 1997. Population structure and dynamics of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris, on a local scale: microsatellite and mitochondrial DNA analysis. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 77th annual meeting, Seattle.
Frazetta, T.H. and C.D. Prange. 1987. Movement of cephalic components during feeding in some requiem sharks (Carcharhiniformes, Carcharhinidae). Copeia(4):979-992. 
Fänge, R., G. Lundblad, K. Slettengren and J. Lind. 1980. Glycosidases in lymphomyeloid (hematopoietic) tissues of elasmobranch fish. Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology 67B(4): 527-532.
Gilbert, P.W. and F.G. Wood, Jr. 1957. Method of anesthetizing large sharks and rays safely and rapidly. Science 126 (3266):212-213.
Gilbert, P.W., E.S. Hodgson, and R.F. Mathewson. 1964. Electroencephalograms of sharks. Science 145:949-951.
Gilbert, P.W. 1980. Structure and function of shark siphon sacs. Florida Scientist, 43(suppl. 1):9.
Gilbert, P.W., J.G. Sivak, and R.E. Pelham. 1981. Rapid pupil change in selachians. Canadian journal of zoology 59(3):560-564.
Goldstein, L., W.W. Oppelt and T.H. Maren. 1968. Osmotic regulation and urea metabolism in the lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris. American Journal of Physiology 215(6):1493-7.
Graeber, R.C. 1974. Food intake patterns in captive juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris. Copeia 2:554-556. 
Graham, J.B., H. Dewar, N.C. Lai, W.R. Lowell and S.M. Arce. 1990. Aspects of shark swimming performance determined using a large water tunnel. Journal of Experimental Biology 151:175-192. 
Grimes, D.J., R.R. Colwell, J. Stemmler, H. Hada, D. Maneval, F.M. Hetrick, E.B. May, R.T. Jones and M. Stoskopf. 1984. Vibrio species as agents of elasmobranch disease. Helgolander Meeresuntersuchungen 37:309-315. 
Grimes, D.J., S.H. Gruber and E.B. May. 1985. Experimental infection of lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey), with Vibrio species. Journal of Fish Diseases 8:173-180. 
Gruber, S.H. 1967. A behavioral measurement of dark adaptation in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. In: Gilbert, P.W., R.F. Mathewson, and D.P. Rall (eds.). Sharks, skates and rays. John Hopkins Press, Baltimore, 479-490. 
Gruber, S.H. 1969. The physiology of vision in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey): a behavioral analysis. PhD dissertation, University of Miami, Miami, Florida, USA, 113pp.
Gruber, S.H. 1975. Duplex vision in the elasmobranchs: Histological, electrophysiological and psychophysical evidence. In: M.A. Ali (ed.). Vision in Fishes New Approaches in Research. Plenum Publishing Corp., New York pp. 525-540. 
Gruber, S.H. 1977a. The vision of sharks: a perspective. Naval Research Reviews. February: 1-2:1-29. 
Gruber, S.H. 1977b. The visual system of sharks: Adaptations and capability. American Zoology 17:453-469. 
Gruber, S.H. 1980. Keeping sharks in captivity. Journal of Aquariculture 1:6-14. 
Gruber, S.H. 1982a. Role of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey) as a predator in the tropical marine environment: a multidisciplinary study. Florida Science 45:4-75. 
Gruber, S.H. 1982b. Lemon Sharks: Supply-side economists of the sea. Oceanus, 24:56-64. 
Gruber, S.H. 1983. Shark repellents: protocols for a behavioral bioassay. In: Zahuranec, B.J. (ed.). Shark repellents from the sea. AAAS Selected Symposium 83. Westview Press, Boulder Colorado pp. 91-113. 
Gruber, S.H. 1984. Bioenergetics of the captive and free-ranging lemon shark. AAZPA 340-373. 
Gruber, S.H. and A.A. Myrberg. 1977. Approaches to the study of the behavior of sharks. American Zoologist 17:471-486. 
Gruber, S.H. and J.L. Cohen. 1978. Visual system of the elasmobranchs: State of the art 1960-1975. Hodgson, E. and R. Matthewson, eds. Sensory Biology of Sharks, Skates and Rays. Office of Naval Research, Department of Navy. Arlington, Va. pp11-105.
Gruber, S.H. and N. Schneiderman. 1975. Classical conditioning of the nictitating membrane response of the lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris) Behavior Research Methods & Instrumentation 7:430-434.
Gruber, S.H. and R.G. Stout. 1983. Biological materials for the study of age and growth in a tropical marine elasmobranch the lemon shark. NOAA 8:193-205. 
Gruber, S.H. and R.S. Keyes. 1981. Keeping sharks for research. In: Hawkings, A.D. (ed.). Aquarium Systems, Academic Press, New York p.373-402. 
Gruber, S.H., and E. Zlotkin. 1982. Bioassay of surfactants as shark repellents. Naval Research Reviews 34(2):18-27. 
Gruber, S.H., C.A. Brown and A.D. Henningsen. 1985. Age and growth of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey), as determined by mark/recapture data and the examination of tetracycline labeled vertebral centra. American Zoologist 25(4):106A. 
Gruber, S.H., D.I. Hamasaki and B.L. Davis. 1975b. Window to the epiphysis in sharks. Copeia 2:378-380. 
Gruber, S.H., D.I. Hamasaki and C.D.B. Bridges. 1963. Cones in the retina of the lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris). Vision Research 3:397-399. 
Gruber, S.H., D.R. Nelson and J.F. Morrissey. 1988. Pattern of activity and space utilization of lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, in a shallow Bahamian lagoon. Bulletin of Marine Science 43:61-76. 
Hamlett, W.C. and J.P Wourms. 1984. Ultrastructure of the pre-implantation shark yolk sac placenta. Tissue and cell 16(4): 613-625.
Henningsen, A.D. 1989. Annual production of the juvenile lemon shark in a shallow Bahamian lagoon. M.S. thesis. University of Miami, Florida, 55pp. 
Henningsen, A.D. and S.H. Gruber. 1985. Assessment of two lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris populations, by multiple mark procedures. Florida Scientist 48 (suppl.1):32. 
Hodgson, E.S. 1981. Natural repellents in coral reef communities- mechanisms of action upon chemosensory systems of sharks. In: Gomex, E.D., C.E. Birkeland, R.W. Buddemeier, R.E. Johannes, J.A. Marsh Jr., and R.T. Tsuda (eds.). The reef and man. Proceedings of the Fourth International Coral Reef Symposium 2:563-568. 
Hoenig, J.M. and A.H. Walsh. 1982. The occurrence of cartilage canals in shark vertebrae. Canadian Journal of Zoology 60(3): 483-485. 
Hoenig, J.M. and S.H. Gruber. 1990. Life history patterns in the elasmobranchs: Implications for fisheries management. NOAA Technical Report. NMFS 90:1-16. 
Hueter, R.E. and S.H. Gruber. 1980. Retinoscopy of aquatic eyes. Vision research 20:197-200.
Hueter, R.E. 1991. Adaptations for spatial vision in sharks. The Journal of Experimental Zoology supplement 5:130-141. 
Hueter, R.E., and S.H. Gruber. 1982. Recent advances in studies of the visual systems of the juvenile lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris. Florida Scientist 45 (1):11-25. 
Kemp, N.E. 1977. Banding pattern and fibrillogenesis of ceratotrichia in shark fins. Journal of morphology 154(2):187-204.
Kemp, N.E., and S.K. Westrin. 1979. Ultrastructure of calcified cartilage in the endoskeletal tesserae of sharks. Journal of Morphology 160(1): 75-102. 
Kemp, N.E. 1980. Secretion of ameloblastic vesicles and polymerization of enamelin in teeth of the lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris. American Zoologist 20(4):911. 
Kemp, N.E. 1985. Ameloblastic secretion and calcification of the enamel layer in shark teeth. Journal of Morphology 184(2): 215-230. 
Keyes, R.S. 1982. Sharks: An unusual example of cleaning symbiosis. Copeia 1:225-227. 
Klimley, A.P. and A.A. Myrberg Jr. 1979. Acoustic stimuli underlying withdrawal from a sound source by adult lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Bulletin of Marine Science 29(4):447-458. 
Knight, I.T., D.J. Grimes and R.R. Colwell. 1988. Bacterial hydrolysis of urea in the tissues of carcharhinid sharks. Canadian Journal of Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences 45(2): 357-360. 
Longval, M.J., R.M. Warner and S.H. Gruber. 1982. Cyclical patterns of food intake in the lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris under controlled conditions. Florida Scientist 45:25-33. 
Lowe, C.G., K.N. Holland and T.G. Wolcott. 1998. A new acoustic tailbeat transmitter for fishes. Fisheries research 36(2-3):275-283.
Manire, C.H. and S.H. Gruber. 1990. Many sharks may be headed toward extinction. Conservation. Biology 4(1): 10-11. 
Manire, C.H. and S.H. Gruber. 1991. Effect of M-type tags on field growth of juvenile lemon sharks. Transaction of the American Fisheries Society 120:776-780. 
Manire, C.H. and S.H. Gruber. 1993. A preliminary estimate of natural mortality of 0-age lemon sharks. NOAA technical report NMFS 115:65-71. 
Morrissey, J.F. and S.H. Gruber. 1993a. Habitat selection by the juvenile lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. Environmental Biology of Fisheries 38:311-319. 
Morrissey, J.F. and S.H. Gruber. 1993b. Home range of juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris. Copeia 1993:425-434. 
Moss, S.A. 1967. Tooth replacement in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. In: Gilbert, P.W., R.F. Mathewson, and D.P. Rall (eds.). Sharks, skates and rays. Baltimore, John Hopkins University Press, pp. 319-329.
Moss, S.A. 1972. The feeding mechanism of sharks of the family Carcharhinidae. Journal of Zoology, 167:423-436. 
Motta, P.J. and C.A.D. Wilga. 1994. Anatomy and functional morphology of the feeding mechanism of lemon sharks. Journal of Morphology 220(3):374. 
Motta, P.J. and C.A.D. Wilga. 1996. Comparative functional morphology of the suspensoria of squaloid and carcharhinoid sharks. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 76th annual meeting, New Orleans June 13-19. p. 224.
Motta, P.J., R.E Hueter, T.C. Tricas. 1991. An electromyographic analysis of the biting mechanism of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris: Functional and evolutionary implications. Journal of morphology. 210(1):55-70.
Motta, P.J., T.C. Tricas, R.E. Hueter and A.P. Summers. 1995. Feeding mechanisms of the lemon shark: Conservative motor and kinematic patterns. American Zoologist 35(5): 103A.
Motta, P.J., T.C. Tricas, R.E. Hueter, and A.P. Summers. 1997. Feeding mechanism and functional morphology of the jaws of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Chondrichthyes, Carcharhinidae). The Journal of Experimental Biology 200: 2765-2780.
Murru, F.L. 1984. Preliminary baseline blood parameters for several shark species. Proceedings American Association of Zoological Parks and Aquariums, 1984:333-339. 
Murru, F.L., M.T. Walsh, B.L. Smith and J.B. Pangboa. 1990. Whole blood element analysis of captive and wild lemon sharks by inductively coupled plasma emission spectroscopy. Journal of Aquariculture and aquatic science 5(4):118. 
Musick, J.A., C.R. Tabit and D.A. Evans. 1990. Body surface area in Galeoid sharks. Copeia 1990 (4):1130-1133. 
Nelson, D.R. 1965. Hearing and acoustic orientation in the lemon shark, N. brevirostris , and other large sharks. PhD diss. University of Miami, Florida, 158pp. 
Nelson, D.R. 1967a. Hearing thresholds, frequency discrimination, and acoustic orientation in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Bulletin of Marine Science 17:741-768. 
Nelson, D.R. 1967b. Cardiac responses to sounds in the lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris. In: Gilbert, P.W., R.F. Mathewson, and D.P. Rall, (eds.). Sharks, skates and rays. John Hopkins Press, Baltimore, pp.533-544. 
Nelson, D.R. 1990. Telemetry studies of sharks: a review, with applications in resource management. In: Pratt Jr., H.L., S.H. Gruber, and T. Taniuchi (eds.). NOAA Technical Report. NMFS: Elasmobranchs as living resources: advances in the biology, ecology, systematics and the status of the fisheries, 90:239-256.
Nelson, D.R., and S.H. Gruber. 1963. Sharks: attraction by low-frequency sounds. Science 142:975-977.
Nixon, A.J. and S.H. Gruber. 1988. Diel metabolic and activity patterns of the lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris). Journal of Experimental Biology 248:1-6. 
Oguri, M. 1981. On the rectal gland weight of some elasmobranchs. Bulletin of the Japanese Society of Scientific Fisheries 47(8):1019-1021.
Parker, F.R. Jr. and C.M. Bailey. 1979. Massive aggregations of elasmobranchs near Mustang and Padre Islands, Texas. Texas Journal of Science 31(3): 255-266.
Poynton, S.L., T.W. Campbell, and H.W. Palm. 1997. Skin lesions in captive lemon sharks Negaprion brevirostris (Carcharhinidae) associated with the monogenean Neodermophthirius harkemai Price, 1963 (Microbothriidae). Diseases of Aquatic Organisms 31 (1):29-33.
Ramsay, A.L. and S.H. Gruber. 1984. Radiographic determination of gut transit time in the juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris. Florida Scientist 47(suppl.1):15. 
Rasmussen, L.E.L. and F.L. Murru. 1992. Long-term studies of serum concentrations of reproductively related steroid hormones in individual captive Carcharhinids. Australian Journal of Marine and Freshwater Research 43(1): 273-281.
Rasmussen, L.E.L. and S.H. Gruber. 1993. Serum concentrations of reproductively-related circulating steroid hormones in the free ranging lemon shark. Environmental Biology of Fishes 38:167-174. 
Rose, D.A. 1996. An overview of world trade in sharks and other cartilaginous fishes. TRAFFIC International. pp.107. 
Scarfe, A.D. 1978. Spontaneous response of goldfish and lemon shark to horizontal, vertical and oblique visual configurations. American Zoologist 18 (3):651. 
Scharold, J. 1989. Swimming behavior and energetics of sharks.., Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge Massachusetts and Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Massachusetts. Ph.D. diss.
Scharold, J. and S.H. Gruber. 1991. Telemetered heart rate as a measure of metabolic rate in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. Copeia 4:942-953. 
Schmidt, T.W. 1986. Food of young juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey), near Sandy Key, western Florida Bay. Florida Scientist 49(1):7-10. 
Schmidt-Nielsen, K. 1990. Animal physiology: adaptation and environment. Cambridge University Press, pp. 602.
Snelson, F.F. Jr., and S.E. Williams. 1981. Notes on the occurrence, distribution, and biology of elasmobranch fishes in the Indian River lagoon system, Florida. Estuaries 4:110-120. 
Spielman, S.L. and S.H. Gruber. 1983. Development of a contact lens for refracting aquatic animals. Opthal. Physiological Optics 3(3):255-260. 
Springer, S. 1950. Natural history notes on the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. The Texas Journal of Science 3:349-359. 
Springer, V.G., and J.P. Gold. 1989. Sharks in question. Smithsonian Institution Press, Washington, D.C. 187pp. 
Sundstroem, F., K. Reubush, and S. Gruber. 1996. American Society of Ichtyologists and Herpetologists, 76th annual meeting, New Orleans June 13-19: 292-293.
Sundström, L.F. 1997. Bioenergetics and swimming parameters in the subadult lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris, around Bimini Islands, Bahamas. MS thesis, University of Linköping, Linköping, Sweden, Pp.38.
Sundström, L.F. and S.H. Gruber. 1998. Using speed sensing transmitters to model the bioenergetics of the subadult lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey), in the field. Hydrobiologia (vol XX): 1-7. Lagardere, J.P., M.L. Begout-Anras, and G. Claireaux (eds), Advances in Invertebrates and Fish Telemetry. Kluwer Academic Publishers. Printed in Belgium.
Sundström, L.F., and Gruber, S.H. 1997. Evaluating methods for attachment and retrieval of instrumental packages from large sharks. Second Conference on Fish Telemetry in Europe. La Rochelle, France April 5-9: 58.
Sundström, L.F., and Gruber, S.H. 1997. Using speed-sensing transmitters to model the bioenergetics of subadult lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, in the field. Second Conference on Fish Telemetry in Europe. La Rochelle, France, April 5-9: 47.
Thomassen, L., and S.H. Gruber. 1996. Tidal influences on the spatial distribution of lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, in Bimini lagoon, Bahamas. American Society of Ichtyologists and Herpetologists, 76th annual meeting, New Orleans June 13-19: 298-299.
Timokhin, I.G. and S.I. Usachev. 1993. [Specific composition, distribution, biology, and prospects of shark fisheries in Aden Gulf and the waters of Socotra Island]. In: Yakovlev, V.N. (ed). Main results of Yugniro-complex research in Azov Black Seas region and the world ocean. Kerch Ukraine Yugniro, 39:113-117. In Russian with English abstract.
Watsky, M.A. and S.H. Gruber. 1990. Induction and duration of tonic immobility in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. Fish Physiology and Biochemistry 8(3):207-210. 
Webb, P.W. and R.S. Keyes. 1982. Swimming kinematics of sharks. Fishery Bulletin 80(4):803-812. 
Wetherbee, B.M. 1990. Diet, food habits, and consumption in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. Pacific Science 44:196. 
Wetherbee, B.M. and S.H. Gruber. 1990. The effects of ration level on food retention time in juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris. Environmental Biology of Fisheries 29:59-65. 
Wetherbee, B.M. and S.H. Gruber. 1993a. Absorption efficiency of the lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris at varying rates of energy intake. Copeia 2:416-425. 
Wetherbee, B.M., and S.H. Gruber. 1993b. Use of acid-insoluble ash as a marker in absorption efficiency studies with the lemon shark. The progressive Fish-Culturist 55:270-274. 
Wetherbee, B.M., S.H. Gruber and A.L. Ramsay. 1987. X-radiographic observations of food passage through digestive tracts of lemon sharks. Transactions of the American Society 116:763-767. 
Wetherbee, B.M., S.H. Gruber and E. Cortes. 1990. Diet, feeding habits, digestion, and consumption in sharks, with special reference to the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. In: Pratt Jr., H.L., S.H. Gruber, and T. Taniuchi (eds.). NOAA Technical Report. NMFS: Elasmobranchs as living resources: advances in the biology, ecology, systematics and the status of the fisheries, 90:29-47. 
Vorenberg, M.M. 1962. Cannibalistic tendencies of lemon and bull sharks. Copeia 1962:455-456. 
Wright, T. and R. Jackson. 1964. Instrumental conditioning of young sharks. Copeia 2:409-412. 
Zeiske, E., B. Theisen and S.H. Gruber. 1987. Functional morphology of the olfactory organ of two carcharhinid shark species. Canadian Journal of Zoology 65:2406-2412. 
Zeiske, E., Caprio, J., and S.H. Gruber. 1986. Morphological and electrophysiological studies on the olfactory organ of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). In: Uyeno, T., R. Arai, T. Taniuchi, and K. Matsuura (eds.). Indo-pacific fish biology: Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Indo-Pacific Fishes, Tokyo, 29 July-3 August 1985. Ichtyological Society of Japan, Tokyo. pp. 381-391.
Zlotkin, E. and S.H. Gruber. 1984. Synthetic surfactants: a new approach to the development of shark repellents. Arch. Toxocol. 56: 55-58. 

These I do not have: 
Agalides, E. 1969. The lorenzini ampulla: a multisensory receptor and its possible physical analog. Transactions of the New York Academy of Science Serie II 31(8):1083-1102.
Arenberg, I. K., E. Rauchbauch and D.H. Norback. 1981. The normal and experimentally hydropic endolymphatic sac in lemon sharks ( N. brevirostris ) : a scanning electron microscope study. American Journal of Otolaryngology 2(3): 230-234.  
Baldridge, H.D. 1972. Accumulation and function of liver oil in Florida sharks. Copeia 2:306-325.
Baldridge, H.D. 1974. Shark attack: a program of data reduction and analysis. Contributions to the Mote Marine Laboratory, 1:1-98.
Baldwin, J. and R.M.G. Wells. 1990. Oxygen transport potential in tropical elasmobranchs from the Great Barrier Reef (Australia): Relationship between hematology and blood viscosity. Journal of Experimental Marine Biology and Ecology 144(2-3):145-156.
Beveridge, I. and R.A. Campbell. 1993. A revision of Dasyrhynchus Pinter (Cestoda: Trypanorhyncha), parasitic in elasmobranch and teleost fishes. Systematic parasitology 24(2):129-157.
Bigelow, H.B, and W.C. Schroeder. 1945. Appendix A and B in ”Guide to commercial shark fishing in the Caribbean area”. Anglo American Caribbean Commission. Washington, 71-149, figs 19-56
Bigelow, H.B, and W.C. Schroeder. 1948. Fishes of the western North Atlantic. Mem. Sears Foundation Marine Research, No. 1, part 1:59-545.
Bridges, C.D.B. 1965. The groupings of fish visual pigments about preferred positions in the spectrum. Vision Research 5:223-238. 
Bushnell, P.G. 1982. Respiratory and circulatory adjustment to exercise in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Master's thesis, University of Miami, Miami, Florida.
Case, G.R. 1981. Late Eocene selachians from south-central Georgia, USA. Palaeontographica Abteilung a Palaeozoologie-Stratigraphie, 176(1-3):52-79.
Cheung, P.J. and G.D. Ruggieri. 1983. Dermophthirius nigrelli n. sp. (monogenea: Microbothriidae), an ectoparasite from the skin of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. Transactions of the American Microscopical Society 102:129-134.
Cheung, P.J., R.F. Nigrelli, and G.D. Ruggieri. 1980. Management of monogenetic trematodes and secondarily infected lesions in captive lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). Abstract p. 16 of the Fifth Annual Eastern Fish Health Workshop, Leetown, West Virginia.
Clark, E. 1960. Four shark attacks on the west coast of Florida, Summer 1958. Copeia, 1:63-67.
Clark, E. 1961. Visual discrimination in lemon sharks. Symposium Papers, Tenth Pacific Science Congress, Honolulu, pp.175-176 (abs)
Clark, E. and D.R. Nelson. 1997. Young whale sharks, Rhincodon typus, feeding on a copepod bloom near La Paz, Mexico. Environmental biology of fishes 50(1):63-73.
Cohen, J.L. 1980. Functional organization of the retina of the lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris, Poey): An anatomical and electrophysiological approach. PhD diss., University of Miami, Coral Gables, Florida, 144 p.
Compagno, L.J.V. 1988. Sharks of the order carcharhiniformes. Princeton University press, Princeton, NJ. 486pp 
Compagno, L.J.V. and R. Vergara. 1978. Sharks: Carcharhinidae: Negaprion brevirostris (Poey, 1868). In: Fischer, W. (ed.). FAO Species Identification Sheets for Fishery Purposes. Western Central Atlantic (Fishing Area 31), Vol. V. FAO, Rome. world. 
Compagno. L.J.V. 1979. Carcharhinoid sharks: morphology, systematics and phylogeny. Unpublished Ph.D. Thesis Stanford University, pp. 932.
Cortes, E. 1987. Diet, feeding habits, and daily ration of young lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, and the effect of ration size on their growth and conversion efficiency. M.S. thesis, University of Miami, Miami, Florida 146pp.
Cortes, E. 1997. A critical review of methods of studying fish feeding based on analysis of stomach contents: Application to elasmobranch fishes. Canadian journal of fisheries and aquatic sciences 54(3):726-738.
Corwin, J.T., T.H. Bullock and J. Schweitzer. 1982. The auditory brain stem response in five vertebrate classes. Electroencephalogr. Clin Neurophysiol. 54(6): 629-641. 
Cserr, H.F., J.D. Fenstermacher and D.P. Rall. 1978. Comparative aspects of brain barrier systems for non-electrolytes. American Journal of Physiology 234(1): R52-R60. 
Dodrill, J.W. 1977. A hook and line survey of the sharks found within five hundred meters of shore along Melbourne Beach, Brevard County, Florida. M.S Thesis, Florida Institute of Technology, Melbourne.
Ferris, S.D. and G.W. Whitt. 1978. Genetic and molecular analysis of non-random dimer assembly of the creatine kinase isozymes of fishes. Biochemical Genetics 16(7/8): 811-830. 
Finck, W. 1980. Behaviorally-determined absolute visual threshold of the juvenile lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). M.S. thesis, University of Basel, Switzerland.
Garman, S. 1913. The plagiostoma. Memorandum Museum Comp. Zoology, 36:1-516.
Garrick, J.A., and L.P. Schultz. 1963. A guide to the kinds of potentially dangerous sharks. In: Gilbert, P.W. (ed.). Sharks and survival. D.C. Heath and Co., Boston. Pp. 3-60.
Gero, D.R. 1952. The hydrodynamic aspects of fish propulsion. American Museum Novitates 1601:1-32. From Beamish, F.W.H. Swimming capacity. In: Hoar, W.S., and D.J. Randall (eds.). 1978. Fish physiology vol.VIII. Academic Press, NY. 
Gilmore, R.G., Jr. 1977. Fishes of the Indian River Lagoon and adjacent waters, Florida. Bulletin of Florida State Museum, Biological Science, 22:101-148. 
Graeber, R.C. and S.O.E. Ebbesson. 1972. Retinal projections in the lemon shark. Brain Behavior and Evolution 5:461-477.
Graham, J.B., H. Dewar, N.C. Lai, K.E. Korsmeyer, P.A. Fields, T. Knower, R.E. Shadwick, R. Shabetai, and R.W. Brill. 1994. Swimming physiology of pelagic fishes. In: Maddock, L., Q. Bone, and J.M.V. Rayner (eds). Mechanics and physiology of animal swimming. Cambridge Uninversity Press, Cambridge, i-x:63-74.
Grimes, D.J. 1990. Review of human pathogenic bacteria in marine animals with emphasis on sharks. NOAA Technical Report NMFS no 90:63-69.
Grimes, D.J., J. Stemmler, H. Hada, E.B. May, D. Maneval, F.M. Hetrick, R.T. Jones, M. Stoskopf, and R.R. Colwell. 1984. Vibrio species associated with mortality of sharks held in captivity. Microbial Ecology, 10:271-282.
Grimes, D.J., P. Brayton, R.R Colwell and S.H. Gruber. 1985. Vibriosis as autochthonous flora of neritic sharks. Syst. and Appl. Microbiology 6:221-226. 
Gruber, D. 1977. The effect of flowing water on the locomotive behavior of nurse and lemon sharks and on the accuracy of localization of a chemical source by nurse sharks. Dissertation abstract int. (37-088): 3723, 118pp.
Gruber, S.H. (????) Mechanisms of color vision: an ethologist's primer. In: Burtt, E. (ed.). The Behavioral Significance of Color. Garland Press, Inc., New York pp. 185-236. 
Gruber, S.H. 1966. A technique for producing respondent conditioning in the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey), and its application to dark adaptation studies. M.S. thesis, University of Miami, 98p.
Gruber, S.H. 1973. Purkinje shift in the lemon shark: Behavioural and electrophysiological findings. Abstract ARVO Spring Meeting.
Gruber, S.H. 1988. Why do sharks attack humans? Naval Research Review 40(1):2-19.
Gruber, S.H. and P. Morrissey. 1978. Sharks: good vision or poor? Sea Frontier 24(4):229-236.
Gruber, S.H., E. Zlotkin, and D.R. Nelson. 1984. Shark repellents: behavioral bioassays in laboratory and field.  In: Bolis, L., J. Zadunaisky, and R. Gilles (eds). Toxins, drugs, and pollutants in marine animals. Springer-Verlag, Berlin, Heidelberg etci-xii:26-42.
Gruber, S.H., D.R. Nelson, and J.N. McKibben. 1986. Tracking sharks in Bimini lagoon: one phase of a bioenergetics study. Newsletter of the International Association of Fish Ethologists 9(1):5-8.
Hamasaki, D.I., and C.D.B. Bridges. 1965. Properties of the electroretinogram in three elasmobranch species. Vision Research 5:438-496.
Hodgson, E.S., and R.F. Mathewson. 1971. Chemosensory orientation in sharks. Annual New York Academy, 188:175-18?.
Hodgson, E.S., and R.F. Mathewson. 1978. Electrophysiological studies of chemoreception in elasmobranchs. In: Hodgson, E.S., and R.F. Mathewson (eds.). Sensory biology of sharks, skates and rays. Office of Naval Research, Washington, D.C. pp.227-267.
Hoenig, J.M. and A.H. Walsh. 1993. Skeletal lesions and deformities in large sharks. Journal of Wildlife Diseases 19(1): 27-33. 
Hove, J.R. and S.A. Moss. 1997. Effect of MS-222 on response to light and rate of metabolism of the little skate Raja erinacea. Marine biology 128(4):579-583.
Hueter, R.E. 1980. Physiological optics of the eye of the juvenile lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris). M.S. thesis, University of Miami, Coral Gables, Florida, 145 p. 
Hueter, R.E. 1986. The projection pattern from visual field to contralateral optic tectum of the lemon shark reveals a horizontal visual streak of retinotectal magnification. Society of Neuroscience (abs) 12:496. 
Hueter, R.E. 1988. Retinal topography and the retinotectal projection pattern in the juvenile lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris). Society of Neuroscience Abstracts 14:1119.
Hueter, R.E. 1988. The organization of spatial vision in the juvenile lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris): retinotectal projection, retinal topography, and implications for the visual ecology of sharks. PhD diss., University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, 130 pp.
Hussain, S.H. 1991. The behavior of sharks in captivity. Indian Journal of Fisheries 38(3):151-156.
Jacobsen. 1987. An ecosystem-level study of a shallow, subtropical, marine lagoon, North Sound, Bimini, Bahamas. Ph.D. dissertation. University of Georgia, Athens. pp. 253.
Kalmijn, A.J. 1984. Thoery of electromagnetic orientation: a further analysis. In: Bolis, L., R.D. Keynes, S.H.P. Maddrell (eds). Comparative physiology of sensory systems. Cambridge Univeristy Press, Cambridge, p. 525-560.
Kalmijn, A.J. 1988. Electromagnetic orientation: a relativistic approach. In: O´Conner, M.E., R.H. Lovely (eds). Electromagnetic fields and neruobehavioral function. Alan R. Liss, New York, p.23-45.
Kreutzer, R. and R. Ahmed. 1978. Shark utilization and marketing. FAO, Rome.
Kuchnow, K. P. 1969a. Threshold for the elasmobranch tapetal-pigment response. Vision Research 9:187-194.
Kuchnow, K. P., and P. Gilbert. 1967. Preliminary in vivo studies on pupillary and tapetal pigment responses in the lemon shark. In: Gilbert, P.W., R.F. Mathewson, and D.P. Rall (eds.). Sharks, skates, and rays. John Hopkins Press, Baltimore.
Kuchnow, K.P. 1969b. Tapetal pigment response of elasmobranchs. Vision Research 9:849-854.
Lyle, J.M. 1986. Mercury and selenium concentrations in sharks from Northern Australian waters. Australian journal of marine and freshwater research 37(3):309-322.
MacCallum, G.A. 1926 Deux noveaox trematodes parasites de Carcharhinus commersoni: Philura orata et Dermophthirius carcharhini. Annual Parasit. Humn Comp., 4:162-171.
Makonda-Nagy, E. ????. Observations on activity and movement of subadult lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) around Bimini, Bahamas. MS thesis. University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.
Mallat, J. 1997. Shark pharyngeal muscles and early vertebrate evolution. ACTA zoologica 78(4):279-294.
Manski and colleagues- Manski and Halbert 1965, Manski et al 1965, 1967a,b,c) antigenic relationship of lens proteins.
Martin, A.P. and S.R. Palumbi. 1993. Protein evolution in different cellular environments. Molecular biology and evolution 10(4):873-891.
McKibben, J.N., D.R. Nelson, and S.H. Gruber. 1985. A microprocessor data logging monitor for aquatic biotelemetry. In Weeks, R.W. and F.M. Long (eds.). Proceedings, fifth international conference on wildlife biotelemetry, Laramie, WY. P. 90-96.
Meyers, J.B., C.S. Pike, P.K. Swart, and S.H. Gruber. 1989. Stable isotope variation in lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris) vertebrae as a possible indicator of life history patterns. Abstract with program, 69th Annual Meeting of American Society of Ichthyology and Herpetology, San Francisco, p.120.
Morrissey, J.F. 1991. Activity space parameters, home range, diel activity rhythms and habitat selection of juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). PhD diss. University of Miami, Miami Florida, 141 pp.
Morrissey, J.F., S.H. Gruber, and D.R. Nelson. 1987. Patterns of activity and space utilization of the lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris): a progress report of a new approach. AES annual meeting, p.70. 
Moss, S.A. 1966. The feeding mechanization of three sharks: G. cuvieri, N brevirostris, and G. cirratum . Dissertation abstract int. 26-08:4905, 146pp. 
Motta, P.J. and C.A.D. Wilga. 1995. Anatomy of the feeding apparatus of the lemon shark, N. brevirostris . Journal of Morphology 226(3): 309-329.
Nelson, D.R. and S.H. Gruber. 1983. Activity patterns of lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey) in a shallow Bahamian habitat. Abstract of the 63rd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Ichthyologist and Herpetologists. Tallahassee, Florida.
Nixon, A.J. and S.H. Gruber. 1983. Diel activity and metabolic rhythms in the lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris (Poey). 63rd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Ichthyologist and Herpetologists. Abstract.
O’Gower, A.K., and R.F. Mathewson. 1967. Spectral sensitivity and flicker-fusion frequency of the lemon shark, Negaprion brevirostris. In: Gilbert, P.W., R.F. Mathewson, and D.P. Rall (eds.). Sharks, skates, and rays. John Hopkins Press, Baltimore.
Pike, C.S. III. 1991. Uncovering the ages of sharks and its importance in fisheries management. Underwater Naturalist 19(4)/20(1):109-111.
Poynton, S.L., T.W. Campbell, and H.W. Palm. 1997. Skin lesions in captive lemon sharks Negaprion brevirostris (Carcharhinidae) associated with the monogenean Neodermophthirius harkemai Price, 1963 (Microbothriidae). Diseases of Aquatic Organisms 31 (1):29-33.
Radcliffe, L. 1914. The sharks and rays of Beaufort, North Carolina. Bulletin of the US Bureau and Fishery, 34:241-284, figs 1-26, pl.38-49.
Randall, J.E. 1963. Dangerous sharks of the western Atlantic. In: Gilbert, P.W. (ed.). Sharks and survival. D.C. Heath and Co., Boston. Pp 339-361.
Randall, J.E. 1968. Caribbean reef fishes. TFH Publishing Inc., Jersey City.
Rasmussen L.E.L., and S.H. Gruber. 1990. Serum levels of circulating steroid hormones in free-ranging carcharhinoid sharks. In: Pratt Jr., H.L., S.H. Gruber, and T. Taniuchi (eds.). NOAA Technical Report. NMFS: Elasmobranchs as living resources: advances in the biology, ecology, systematics and the status of the fisheries, 90:143-155.
Rasmussen, L.E.L. and S.H. Gruber. 1990. Serum levels of circulating steroid hormones in free ranging carcharhinid sharks. NOAA Technical Report NMFS 90:76-84. 
Rasmussen, L.E.L., D.L. Hess, and S.H. Gruber. 1992. Serum steroid hormones during reproduction in elasmobranchs. In: Hamlett, W.C. Reproductive Biology of South American Vertebrates, pp. 19-42.
Rasmussen, L.E.L., M.J. Schmidt. 1992. Are sharks chemically aware of crocodiles? In: Doty, R.L., and D. Mueller-Schwarze (eds). Chemical signals in vertebrates 6. Plenum Press, New York & London, i-xv:335-342.
Rusoff, L.L. and R.M. French. 1941. Tests and standards for shark liver oil from sharks caught in Florida waters. Proceedings in Florida Academy Sciences, 5:133-135.
Sabalones, J. and D. Labonne. 1991. Shark mortalities at the National Aquarium in Baltimore, 1987-1989, an examination of the contributory factors. AAZPA Annual Conference Proceedings 1991. 1991:302-309. 
Scarfe, A.D. 1980. Spontaneous locomotor behavior of goldfish( C. auratus ) and lemon sharks ( N. brevirostris) in response to different visual configurations. Dissertation abstract int 40B (12): 5575.
Schmid, T.H. and F.L. Murru. 1992. Food consumption and growth of subadult and adult lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, maintained in a controlled environment. Abstract to the 8th annual meeting, AES, Champaign II.
Schurdak, M.E. and S.H. Gruber. 1988. Gastric evacuation of the lemon shark. Experimental Biology 48(2):77-82. 
Sillman, A.J., G.A. Letsinger, S. Patel, E.R. Loew, and A.P. Klimley. 1996. Visual pigments and photoreceptors in two species of shark, Triakis semifasciata and Mustelus henlei. Journal of experimental zoology 276 (1):1-10.
Sivak, J.G. 1974. Accommodations of the lemon shark eye (Negaprion brevirostris). Vision Research, 14:215-216.
Snodgrass, J.M., and P.W. Gilbert. 1967. A shark-bite meter. In: Gilbert, P.W., R.F. Mathewson, and D.P. Rall (eds.). Sharks, skates, and rays. John Hopkins Press, Baltimore.
Springer, S. 1938. Notes on the sharks of Florida. Proceedings in the Florida Academic Science, 3:9-41.
Springer, S. 1939. Two new Atlantic species of dog sharks, with a key to the species of Mustelus. Proc. U.S. nat. Mus., 86 (3058):461-468.
Springer, S. 1940. The sex ratio and seasonal distribution of some Florida sharks. Copeia 3:188-194.
Springer, S. And P.M. French. 1944. Vitamin A in shark liver oils. Journal Ind. & Eng. Chemistry, 36:190-191.
Starck, W.H. 1968. Life history and ecology of the lemon shark Negaprion brevirostris (Poey) in Florida Bay. In Current Investigation in the United States Dealing with the Elasmobranch Fishes. A.I.B. Shark Research Panel.
Stevens, J.D. 1975. Vertebral rings as a means of age determination in the blue shark (Prionace glauca L.). Journal of Marine Biological Association of U.K. 55:657-665.
Stevens, J.D. 1984. Life history and ecology of sharks at Aldabra Atoll, Indian Ocean. Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B Biological Sciences 222(1226):79-106.
Tachibana, K and S.H. Gruber. 1988. Shark repellent lipophilic constituents in the defense secretion of the Moses sole (Pardachirus marmoratus). Toxicon 26(9):839-853.
Teruya, U. And K. Ono. 1982. Middle Miocene shark teeth from eastern Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan. Memoirs of the National Science Museum (Tokyo) 15:63-72.
Wainwright, S.A:, F. Vosburgh, and J.H. Hebrank. 1978. Shark skin: function in locomotion. Science, no 4369:747-749.
Walsh, M.T., F.S. Pipers, C.A. Brendenmuehl, and F.L. Murru. 1993. Ultrasonography as a diagnostic tool in sharks species. Veterinary radiology & ultrasound 34(3):213-218.
Wang, R.A. 1968. The eye of fishes with special reference to pigment migration. Ph.D. dissertation, Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y.
Webber, J.D. and J.J. Cech. 1998. Nondestructive diet analysis of the leopard shark from two sites in Tomales Bay, California. California fish and game 84(1):18-24.
Wetherbee, B.M. 1988. Absorption efficiency of juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, at varying rates of energy intake. MSc. thesis, University of Miami, Florida,78pp.
Wilga, C.A.D., and P.J. Motta. 1996. Comparative functional morphology of upper jaw protrusion in Squaliform and Carcharhiniform sharks: a story of evolutionary and functional shifts. American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 76th annual meeting, New Orleans June 13-19. p. 323.
Wilga, C.D. and P.J. Motta. 1998. Conservation and variation in the feeding mechanism of the spiny dogfish Squalus acanthias. Journal of experimental biology 201(9):1345-1358.
Williams, E.H.Jr. 1982. Leeches of some marine fishes from Puerto Rico and adjacent regimes. Proceedings helminths Society of Washington, 49(2):323-325. 
Wisby, W.J, J.D. Richard, D.R. Nelson, and S.H. Gruber. 1964. Sound perception in elasmobranchs. In: Tavolga, W.N. (ed.). Marine bio-acuostics. Pergamon Press, pp.255-268.
Woodley, C.M., R.W. Chapman, L.F. Webster, and D.S. Carter. 1994. The 12s-16s rRNA region of mitochondrial DNA provides unambiguous identification of shark species. The third international marine biotechnology conference, Tromsoe, Norway, 7-12 Aug 1994, p. 134.
Yamada, S., K.L. Simpson, Y. Tanaka and T. Katayama. 1981. Plasma amino acid changes in rainbow trout Salmo gairdneri force-fed casein and a corresponding amino acid mixture. Bulletin of the Japanese Society of Scientific Fisheries 47 (8): 1035-1040.
