Shadow Plans

V.2
New Dark 1.23
A Thief 2 Fan Mission
by Ricebug
Release date: March 17th 2012

A 2-mission campaign.

Story

Lord Gregory, a wealthy sophisticate with ties to the Mechanists, has hired you to find his daughter, whom he believes was captured and taken hostage by some pagans. Like others before him, he has promised you a fat reward. But since you’ve had a mutual profitable relationship in the past, you see this as a way to make some fast money. However, things aren’t what they seem to be, and you soon find yourself in the middle of a sinister plan that could destroy many lives.

Beta Testers

bob_doe_nz, dbrilliant, edudrekib, ffox, Gloria Creep, ittlsrun10s, Sensut, SirFreddieM, SlyFoxx

Notes and Bugs

Player be warned: Mission 2 was based on an abandoned mission, which also included its own gamesys. During beta, we found that the original author had modified the gamesys so much that it caused a lot of weird things to happen. Since the mission was nearly complete, it would have caused a lot of grief to have had to replace the gamesys. We fixed all the bugs we found, but one or two may still be lurking about. 

Credits

Alun Bestor: Crates, barrels
CoSaS Team: Flower models, tiffany lamps
David Gurrea: Gazebo textures (http://www.davegh.com)
Haplo: Blueprint template, ladder setup in mission 1
Independent Thief: Conversation rigging, mission 1 objectives, stand-in voice actor
Istvan Varga: Mission 2 base map
Jason Otto: Improved AI and vine models
Jermi: Clouds, sky & moon
R Soul: Vmaw textures, growling dog sound, banquet table and chairs
Renzo “Eshaktaar” Thönen: Water textures, levers
Scarykitties: Sealed combat bot
Sensut & ffox: Scripting and mission goals troubleshooting
Sluggs: Trees & fences
SlyFoxx: Intro voice acting & one-liners
Targa: Custom AI
Vigil: Cobwebs, lightshafts
Zappenduster: German translation

Custom voice sounds taken from Thief 3: Deadly Shadows ©

Intro Briefing Movie Credits

SlyFoxx – Narration
Zontik – Upside Down
JIS – Welcome To Thief 3
The Sentinel original artwork by Medieval Magneto

Game			 : Thief 2: The Metal Age
Level Names 		 : Meeting, Secrets
File name 		 : miss20.mis, miss20,gam, miss21.mis, miss21.gam
Difficulty Settings	 : Normal, Hard, Expert
Equipment store		 : No
Map/Automap		 : Yes/No (Mission 2)
New graphics		 : Yes
New sounds		 : Yes
New conversations	 : Yes
New models		 : No
EAX Support		 : No
Multilanguage support	 : German
Briefing			 : Yes

Disclaimer

This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios, Eidos Interactive.
