A Thief's Holiday 2004
by Yandros
http://www.wearytaffer.com

Date of release – December 21, 2013
Current Version – 3.0

Version History:
V3.0 – Update for NewDark
v2.2a – Added German translation (no functional changes)
v2.2 – Fixed mission end bug involving camvator outro and snowballs
v2.1 – Added two missing files
v2.0 – Original 2004 release

NewDark Version Notes (READ!):
•	This mission has been updated for NewDark and REQUIRES at least version 1.19 of Thief 2 to run; v1.21 is recommended!  It will NOT run under the original v1.18 any more!
•	Custom scripts have been updated to latest versions to ward off issues with those not working under NewDark.
•	A few tweaks have also been made – updated the victrola and flames, fixed an original bug or two, opened up the interior a bit (since the object limit mentioned below is no longer a problem now!)
•	No other changes to gameplay were made; no objects were moved or otherwise changed to affect the original play.

NewDark Testers:
•	Random_Taffer, Nickie, Tannar, Nightwalker


Description:
You’re throwing a big holiday party for a few close friends, and you have a LOT of things to do to get ready! Complete everything on your checklist before your guests arrive.

Objectives:
There are three main things to do:
1. Do some housecleaning.
2. Bring a festive mood into the house.
3. Prepare some refreshments.

Under each main task, a list of subtasks will appear.  There are more subtasks on each higher difficulty.  Complete all subtasks to complete one of the three main tasks.

Difficulties:
Normal – Everything you need to accomplish your tasks is in plain view and/or in a logical location (i.e. where you'd expect it to be and/or near where it is used).
Hard – Items needed to complete your tasks are more out of the way, but nothing is up in the rafters, and hence no rope arrow is available or necessary.
Expert – The items you need are well hidden and in completely illogical locations. A rope arrow is available (if you can find it) for searching up in the rafters, although it is possible to get in the rafters without it. Hopefully this mode will be a challenge to those who enjoy one.

Note: I recommend playing Normal first, to learn how to use the items needed to perform your tasks, before moving on to the two higher difficulties where just finding the items is more challenging.

Cheats/Hints available:
There is an HTML Cheat Sheet included with this mission. Look for ATH04_CheatSheet.html in your Thief 2 directory. This file should also be available at Thiefmissions as the “Hints” file.

Victrola Note:
In each difficulty, 3-5 victrola records are available.  You can put them on the player and remove them at will, swapping them out as you wish to change the music.  As long as one of them is playing, you have met the requirement for that objective.

Music Credits:
Victrola Records:
Bing Crosby – Let It Snow!
Jim Brickman – Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas
Steve Erquiaga – God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen
Liz Story – The Christmas Song
TSO (Trans-Siberian Orchestra) – O Holy Night

Ambient (outside):  Patrick O’Hearn – A Lovely Place To Be
From his CD So Flows The Current (2000)

Known Problems:
(NOTE: No longer an issue with NewDark!)
From a few vantage points, objects can vanish.  There are a lot of objects in the mission for atmosphere, although most are non-interactive (not frobbable). This is an engine limitation and I did the best I could to minimize it by adding the extra walls in the living room, which was originally one large room.

Big Thanks to:
Beta testers:
Dafydd, FreddyFox, Nightwalker, Peter Smith, Ponterbee

Additional Thanks to:
Jason (epithumia) for hosting
Sluggs for being himself
flying_hope for German translation

Credits:
Textures:
Dave Gurrea, Rob Hicks, Targa, Polygon, Lord Alan

Objects:
Ernie, Eshaktaar, Nameless Voice, Schwaa, Von Eins, Targa, Sluggs, GORT, Yandros

Main Menu image:  
http://www.yptenc.org.uk/docs/factsheets/env_facts/env_images/snowflake.jpg


This mission is dedicated to Sluggs.  Cheers, mate!


Loading Information:
Runs from Dark Loader.  Leave the file ZIPPED - DO NOT UNZIP this file, but put the ZIP file into whatever folder/directory you want to on your hard drive, then in Darkloader setup, point to this folder/directory, and the mission should show up in the Darkloader main screen.

Copyright Information
This mission is ©2004 by Russ Robbins.

This level was not made by and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios (R.I.P.) or Eidos Interactive.

