        Keeper of Infinity
           (Only Chapter II)
       Chapter II: Raven's Nest

                         NewDark 1.23


           Author:	 		Soul Tear
           Contact: 		soultear999@gmail.com, TTLG.com
           Release date: 		January 16, 2016
           Version			1.4


           I recommend to play in the full version: KeeperOfInfinity2_v1.4ENG.zip


                    SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

           Intel Core i5-4570 CPU 3.20 GHz, 8,00 Gb RAM, GeForce GTX 660.                        
           There are a lot of objects in the scenes.                     
           It's possible that fps might be low in places on slower systems

           Also requires:                        
           Option new_mantle enabled in cam_ext.cfg.
           Option sun_runtime_obj_shadows disabled.
           Disable Enhancement Pack (I use other textures with the same names)                      
           

                    GAMEPLAY RECOMMENDATIONS

The FM was intended to be dark and to play with 65% gamma, in a dark room, 
but since these conditions are detrimental to the eyes, it’s up to you how and where to play it.


                    TECHNICAL ISSUES

If you think that the game is taking too long, then try quitting the game using Task Manager and 
run  it once again. However, if you see untexturized polygons (they usually appear as white ones), 
I don’t recommend saving at that point because the game will probably hang or crash, and the slot 
you used to save will lose its content.

                TACTICS 

All the equipment you find in "Bad Venture" will be carried over into "The Raven's Nest." These two FMs have no regular shop, so if you use up your equipment in "Bad Venture," you'll probably find the beginning of "The Raven's Nest" too difficult. Later on in the mission, you'll find a shop à la Soul Tear where you can buy everything you need except perhaps large caliber catapults .

The most important equipment in both FMs is rope arrows. Use them wisely. Search for them wherever you can without harming yourself.

Also, use water and moss arrows where needed, otherwise you'll run into trouble with guards that can't be knocked out (let's name them No-KOs).


                    THE SHOP

In "The Raven's Nest," there is a shop that uses so-called wallets for money. That loot will be automatically added to a separate slot in your inventory when you find certain kinds of loot: a wallet or a big pile of coins.
You see, I didn't want to use the usual loot system because, in this case, the stats show incorrectly.

All goods in the shop cost just 1 (one) wallet but in exchange, you will get a different number of these goods. For example, 1 (one) wallet equals 8 simple arrows, or 4 water arrows, or 1 (one) speed potion.
Most goods in the shop are inexhaustible except the invisibility potion, which is just 1 (one) piece, so take your chance with it!

In this FM, there is indeed a lot of No-KO guys, so you could use air crystals from the shop on them but don't buy them all at once, only as you need them. The total number of wallets is limited, so otherwise you'll be constantly searching for loot.


                    THE PURSES' BUG

Please don't use the wallets for other purposes, such as on doors! Otherwise, your wallets will disappear - minus 1 (one) for each try. As everybody knows, when a player is stuck, (s)he might start to try all inventory equipment on all kinds of things (s)he can see in desperation. Usually, this "method" would help but not in this case. I won't be responsible for the money you lose this way!


                    THE TELEPORT GLYPH

Don't panic if you used the glyph 'Enter The Void' by mistake, it will come back in your inventory after 3 minutes.


                    CONVERSATIONS

You can talk with a few NPCs and get some quests from them, like in "Fable of the Penitent Thief." You cannot reach some places until you finish the appropriate quests.


                    DIFFICULTY

The quantity of equipment, enemies and loot depends on the difficulty you choose. 


                    PROLONGED DIFFICULTY 

Be aware that, for example, if you incapacitate several No-KO guards with gas, new guards will always be spawned somewhere else in the FM, and they will start patrolling. Otherwise, it would be too simple to KO all the guards and calmly gad about .


                    GHOST MODE

This FM can totally be played with no KOs and not being seen by aggressive guards or the Mechanists' Camera, with all loot & secrets.



                    DESCRIPTION


Read the diary.


                    PLAY INFORMATION 

           Game:				Thief 2: The Metal Age
           File name:			miss21.mis, miss22.mis
           Difficulty Settings:		Yes
           Equipment store:		No
           Map/Automap:		Yes
           New graphics:			Yes
           New sounds:			Yes
           New models:			Yes
           EAX Support:			No
           Multi language support:	English, French, German, Russian
           Briefing:			No



                    CONSTRUCTION 

          Base:				From scratch
          Map Size:			Large
          Build Time:			More than 1200 hours + searching and resource creating






               CREDITS   



                TRANSLATORS

            Dront
            MoroseTroll
            Nickie
            Nightwalker
            Zappen


                TESTERS
                
           
            Artycool
            Bob_doe_nz
            Burrick
            Dev_Anj            
            Fibanocci
            Fortuni
            Kurhhan
            Soldi
            Zireal
            Zontik


                ACTORS
                
            Bjack (Tordis)
            Necrobob (Edward, Garrett)
            Random_Taffer (Bill, Tom)
            Yandros (Joren, Sam)


                MAP

            Scrp007



                 TEXTURES


           Ardianna
           Daraan
           DrK
           David Gurrea Hernandez (www.davegh.com)
           Gecko
           LarryG
           Nameless Voice 
           Necrobob
           Nicked
           Purgator
           Renzatic
           Sensut
           Soul Tear
           Vigil (www.washboardabs.net/thief/)
           Vurt
           Xorak
           PhotoRealistic: 
           CGTextures (www.cgtextures.com)
          


                OBJECTS
 
            Christine
            Chuzhoi
            Daraan
            Eshaktaar
            LarryG
            Nameless Voice 
            Nicked
            Ottoj55
            PinkDot
            R Soul
            Schwaa
            Sensut
            Sliptip
            Soul Tear
            Targa
            TDBonko 
            The Watcher
            Vigil 
            Von Eins 
            Yandros   
            Zontik


                 SCRIPTS 

            Nameless Voice 
            Telliamed



                 PAINTINGS

           Atque (atque.deviantart.com)
           daRoz (daroz.deviantart.com) - Ripoff9
           Dominus (dominus.ttlg.com) - Menu
           Mancomb-Seepwood (mancomb-seepwood.deviantart.com) - Paint19
           Ponponxu (ponponxu.deviantart.com) - Movie
           Shivan - Movie
           Wraithdt (wraithdt.deviantart.com) - Ripoff8
           wallpaperup.com - paint28


                 MUSIC AND SOUND

            Atrium Carceri
                 Knowledge
                 Meltdown      
                 Reborn

	B Stoate
            Curunir
            Gigagooga
            
            Rune


            Other resources from FM: 

            Broken Triad, Cathedral of The Damned, DeathsTurbidVeil, Dracula - Reloaded, 
            Fables of The Penitent Thief, Keeper of the Prophecies, A Job Well Done, 
            A Night In Rocksbourg 3, Saints and Thieves, The Seven Sisters.


Copyright Information

This level was made by Soul Tear.

Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. 
You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may 
edit this mission or modify it in any way.

This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.

