Cathedral of St.Vincent
================ 
6/22/2012

Title		 : Cathedral of St Vincent
Filename	 : Cathedral_StVincent
Author	             : Pedro Quintela (Cardia1), Rod Peirson (DarthsLair)
Contact info	 : TTLG Private Message or email me Pedroq1983@gmail.com, Darthslair@rocketmail.com
Date of release	 : October, 05, 2014 updated to New Dark
Version              : 1.3




Play Information:

Game			 : Thief 2 The Metal Age
Level Names		 : Cathedral of St.Vincent
File names		 : miss20.mis
Difficulty Settings	 : yes.         Beginner, Adept, Master
Equipment store		 : no.
Map/Automap		 : yes/no 
New graphics		 : yes.
New sounds		 : yes.
New conversations	 : yes.
New models		 : Yes.
EAX Support		 : No.
Multi language support	 : No.
Briefing	                         : No.
 


Story: Garrett having a little ale at the ole Burrick's Head Inn, overhears a couple Taffers just returning from the Isle of
St.Vincent. He overheard just two words; "Hammerites, and Golden Hammers". A few weeks later Garrett steps foot on the small island
weary and tired from the long journey across rough seas. A small eatery and pub known as Cookies Place offered some good fried fish
and chicken at a decent price.  Garrett enjoys his meal, and sips on some aged ale, not knowing someone slipped a micky in his drink,
forcing him to passout.

He wakes up in jail, only to realize he has been framed for a local murder of a City Water Utiltiy Management worker by the name of
Walter Muldale.  Seems someone, and more than likely the same person slipping the micky in his drink also planted a note in Garrett's
pocket indicating a meeting that night with Walter.  Yeah, right, a setup!  

Garrett will need to escape jail, and find out who set him up, and find some way to clear himself of the false murder charge. 
Seems  A long trip to a small island has proven to be challenging for Garrett, but as always, there is a need to pay the rent.  After all,
Garrett came to the island for Hammerite Treasure, so there is no better time than now to get started.

Technical Notes: Runs fine in Garrettloader v 1.41 and v 1.42 Thanks to Pedro.  This is a custom mission with many custom textures and objects.  Use your own discretion on using ep
or any enhancement package.

Credits:A Great Thankyou to all of our great beta testers:bedwine,bikerdude,Dafydd,Dawggon,dbrilliant,Gloria Creep,Hellfier,itllrun10s,jonescrusher,Philflound,prjames,Sagittal,Soldi,Tannar

Thanks to: to Dussander, Tannar at Shalebridge Cradle Testing Forum.  
Special Thanks:To Tannar for editing all of the Readables. Philflound for helping with spelling and grammar.Dafydd for his valuable suggestions for ghosting.
Pedro Says: special thanks to the album “Wind and Water” by Loess which was a big inspiration for this project.


The Hammer Level contains elements multibrushed in from abandoned work by Dark Assassin, Glen, R Soul and Independent Thief,  Continued-Teamwork mission by Pedro, and Rod.2011-2012

Music:

"Love life" by Casino Vs. Japan (edited by Pedro Quintela)
"Woven" by Loess (edited by Pedro Quintela)
"Rückverzauberung 3.4" by Wolfgang Voigt (edited by Pedro Quintela)
"Mulholland Drive" by Angelo Badalamenti (edited by Pedro Quintela)
and free KJV/NKJV Scripture songs from
http://www.pursuinglife.com/scripture-songs.php
“Chimera” by chachi jones
Other musics taken from Tomb Raider 1, Painkiller, Assassin´s creed 2/Brotherhood
 


Models, Objects, Skins:
Skins by DarkMax, Targa
HDMK pack by Yandros
Textures from Deus Ex, Golotha Textures, Thief 1, 
Cardia1, various other games, 
The Wadfather site, evil lair,
Ar-Zimrathon-Blood Stained Book
Water Textures by ZylonBane
Alun Bestor-Map Parchment
Blackjack Hand by ZylonBane
Keys by Team CoSaS,and Zontik
DarkMax
DarthsLair Custom Banners,Custom Ledger, 5 Maps in mission.
Eshaktaar-Beautiful Decorative war Hammer
Greogorius
New Hammer AI meshes and some skins and Woman Thief and HpCops by TDBonko (Dejan Tomic)
Objects by Dark Arrow
Metal Dawn-Bronze Griffin
NamelessVoice
Nielsen74
Targa
Schwaa
BioTubes - created by Omer "G'len" Golan
Jason Otto-OttoJ55  
Yandros-Cleaning some .wav files for Hammer2, and working on Wind files.

Voice Acting : by Yandros:Plays Gutsy Malone, and Pedro Quintela :Plays Mayor Pedro Quintela. Frere Staven (Steven Mafiodo)Plays Hammerite Priest Michael in the Main Cathedral, Gore_Torn plays Police Inspector, Slyfoxx plays Garrett.
GUILD2 Voice Pack Terry Head (YcatX) Supported by -Mike Chrzanowski For Thief5
Guild1 Voice pack Steve Schmith (Darkwarror)(JoJoman)(Backed up by-Mike Romatelli)
Th7-Female TDS Property. Thief voice pack extracted and converted to Thief2 by DarthsLair
Some misc mixed voicing from T3,owned by TDS.
Dog barking sound from the game "El matador".
 

                                          
Creation Notes:(From abandoned mission by Independent Thief)



We gratefully thank TTLG and all of its members for being top of the line. The site, the taffers there. Good hearted taffers
to say the least!  Keep taffing!   Not supported by Looking Glass Studios, or Eidos Interactive..Runs best in Darkloader v 4.3

Copyright: 2012  Cardia1 , DarthsLair



* Loading information * 

Garrettloader and Darkloader ready. Garrettloader version 1.41 and 1.42
This has been beta-tested thoroughly in Windows Vista.Windows7 64bit, Windows xp, 32 and 64bit and it runs the best in Darkloader version 4.3
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it's free and you must leave the mission intact and give the author(s) credit for it.


