Strife – The Campaign
“Trust No One”

By Ricebug
Release Date: 18 June 2012


Improvements

Ddfix skies, by jermi, replaced most of the old skyboxes. As such, you’ll experience a richer visual experience if you have ddfix installed.
All lighting was re-calculated, using Nameless Voice’s Sunlight Calculator.
Directional arrows were put in the sewer maze to help lost explorers.
All readables were checked and fixed where needed.
Minor bug swats throughout.

Background

Strife was a DOS-based game released in May 1996, by Velocity Development and Rogue Entertainment. It was built on a heavily modified DooM® engine. One of the unusual features of the game was that the player could travel between levels (there were 34 total).

This is the Thief 2 conversion of Strife. The first mission was actually my first attempt at DromEd. However, due to the complexity of the level and my total ignorance of DromEd, it was scrapped—several times. The storyline has been revamped to accommodate the thief world, but the maps are true to scale and 90% accurate.

Difficulty Settings

On Normal (Mission 1 only), you have notes strung throughout the mission to help you find your way. Some AI are missing, there is less loot to hunt down, and extra powerups are available. 

Bugs

During the compilation process, many many textures disappeared from the missions. These had to be painstakingly re-applied to all brushes. Although every care was taken to be thorough, I probably missed one or two along the way. Contact me if you find any.

If you’re using ddfix (hi-res) water, there’s a tendency for the water to “flash.” This is an engine problem. Do a quick-save, quit Thief, and then re-load the game. The flashing should stop. In one instance, I also noticed that the hi-res sky looked strange. A quick re-load fixed the problem.

Some of the levels make use of Rob Hicks’ DedX gamesys. During the campaign re-work, these gamesys files were (mostly) purged of unused textures, objects and meshes.

Playing Information

Game :  Thief 2
Mission Title :  Strife Campaign
Version :  1
File Name :  miss17.mis – miss30.mis
Difficulty Settings :  Yes (AI, loot, powerups)
Equipment Store :  No
Map :  Yes
Auto Map :  No
New Graphics :  Yes
New Sounds :  Yes
Multi-Language Support : No
Briefing : Yes
Size :

Translators

Polish: Melissa Macunado (Keeper M)
German: Zappen

Beta Testers

Acolyte6
Albert
Bikerdude
bob_doe_nz
Camille
Cogline
Dussander
flying_hope
Gloria Creep
gunsmoke
Hotlyx
Lightningline
nickie
pavlovscat
phil237
Ravenhook
Silent_Warrior
SirFreddieM
SneakyJack
thief0
Undead Gamer
yondanbrad

Custom Objects

Digital Nightfall / Circle of Stone and Shadow: Furniture
Greenhorn: Crossbow and custom trees
LarryG: Improved rat model
Jason Otto: Chains/Improved AI
Nameless Voice: Custom flames
Rob Hicks: Female earth mage, Ratman
Vigil (Alun Bestor): Cobwebs & Lightshafts
William the Taffer: Droids

Custom Textures

Eshaktaar
Lemog
 Majic
 Nameless Voice

Additional Textures

iD Software’s Medal of Honor & Castle Wolfenstein
Strife textures: Rogue Entertainment

Miscellaneous Credits

3Delyvisions (http://www.3delyvisions.com): Custom Skybox:
Jermi: Hi-Resolution skies
Jason Otto: Waterfall settings
Sterlino: Piston machine in the Sewers mission

Strife Editor
Deep97, by Jack Vermeulen and Sensor Based Systems

To see a YouTube video of the original Strife, go to
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bGfU57F06Q

To read GameSpot’s original review of Strife, go to
http://www.gamespot.com/pc/action/strife/review.html?om_act=convert&om_clk=gssummary&tag=summary;review
Copyright © June 2012 by Terry DeLaney

Permission is granted to freely play and distribute this level. Emails were sent to the original makers of Strife, asking for use of their textures and maps. Neither Velocity Development nor Rogue Entertainment responded after several attempts.

This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.