 
by the Three Anonymous Amigos
64 Cubed New Dark Contest

Version: Release 1.0
Release Date:  April 29, 2013
IMPORTANT:
This is an Undercover-style mission, where you are posing as a cook. You have a required objective not to blow your cover; in order to succeed at that objective, don’t be seen doing things that a cook wouldn’t be expected to do, or spotted in rooms where a cook ought not to be. There may be a bit of trial and error involved, so be patient and be prepared to reload, and most of all think about what you’re doing and whether or not you should do it in plain sight or wait for that guard to leave the area. Otherwise, you can walk around unhindered without having to be stealthy.

WARNING:
This mission includes graphic story content and may not be suitable for younger players.
Story
I was approached by Shylock, a fence I often use, with a story about his father. It seems that a few weeks ago, a squad of the Baron’s Imperial Guard broke into his house in the middle of the night, dragged his father out of bed, arrested him and threw him into the Baron's Imperial Prison. No explanation was given and he's been denied any visitors.

Recently, when Shylock inquired about his father, he was told there was no such prisoner and never had been. Despite his continuous appeals, he's been unable to get any information from prison officials about the fate or whereabouts of his father. All he knows is that his father was kept in cell six, which he learned indirectly from someone who works at the prison.

Shylock wants me to get into the prison and find out what happened to his father. He offered me a small bag of gold for the assignment. It'll do little more than cover expenses but Shylock's a good fellow and a valuable resource... a reliable fence is hard to come by. Besides, it is a baronial prison, after all. I should be able to find something to make it worth my time. 

The job presents some unique challenges, though. The prison is small but the Baron's guards are smarter and tougher than your everyday bulldog, so it looks like some creative subterfuge is in order. I've managed to "acquire" papers assigning me to the prison as a new assistant cook. Looks like it's time for a little undercover work.

Authors’ Comments and Known Issues
Undercover missions are quite tricky to create (which is why there are so few of them). Once in a while you may get busted incorrectly, and all we can do is say we’re sorry, we tried our best, and hope you reload and continue playing.
Sometimes Revus (the pirate-talking staff member) gets stuck in the Asst. Warden’s office.  Saving and reloading sometimes helps.  Trying to bump him to help free him will only get you busted, since you’re not supposed to be in there.
The Mechanist repairman can get stuck unable to exit the mission as intended if you reload a savegame while he’s walking back to the exit. This was found late and will get fixed in an update after the Contest is over.
Several other improvements to the undercover gameplay are being considered for an update post-Contest, but there wasn’t time to get them in and tested by the deadline.
Credits
Testers
Nightwalker, Nickie, Random_Taffer, Tannar, Yandros
 
Translations
Due to time constraints, English only. After the contest, translations will likely be released.

Objects & AI
Christine – Food, dresser
Dave Guerrea – Bloodstains and numerous textures
Eshaktaar – The Sleeper, oil canteen, frying pan blackjack, victrola 
Ottoj55 – Custom AI, curtains, rugs, chains, logs
LarryG – Every non-stock painting from his amazing NewArt collection, prison nunk
NamelessVoice – Enhancement Pack objects, cylinder used for records, pocketwatch
PinkDot – Books, bookcases, tables
Purgator – Imperial guards and bowmen
R Soul – Turbine, pipes
Rob Hicks and DedX team – Beer mug, sushi
Saturnine – Model ship
Schwaa – Pot belly stove
Sluggs – Glass display case, painting light
Targa – Ornate mirror, bottles, loot, crystal ball, rope crate, radiator
Tdbonko – Goblet, masks 
Team CoSaS – Loot, tons of furniture, plants 
Vigil – Crates, open crate, sea chest, footlocker
Tannar & Yandros – Player arm texture
Yandros – Imperial banner, warden painting, money boxes

Terrain Textures
Dave Guerrea, DrK, NecroBob, Purgator, Team Calendra, Vigil, Yandros

Music/Sound Effects
Eric Brosius – Thief: The Dark Project ambients
Raison d’Être – Without The Shedding There Is No Forgiveness
Random_Taffer - Warden’s Interrogation Recording with custom voices (see below) and sound effects from http://www.freesound.org/; Ghostly ambient compiled from Saturnine’s Rose Cottage, stock chain sounds, and Woman Crying http://youtu.be/FqkQw4qMTcc
Saturnine – Ticking clock from Rose Cottage
Yandros – All ambient schemas (Thief 1 ambient sounds assembled into new loops)

Voices
MasterThief3 – Officer James Sherman, Revus
Random_Taffer – Kevel, Shylock’s Father, Prisoners (7, 8, 9), Interrogation Victims
SlyFoxx – Garrett
Yandros – Benny, Warden Quartermaine, various guards, Prisoners (3, 4, 5, 6), Repairman

Scripting
Custom Scripts: Nameless Voice, Telliamed
All scripts needed to play the mission are included.
 
This mission is © 2013 by the Three Anonymous Amigos
It is not supported by Eidos or Looking Glass (R.I.P.) so don’t go crying to them if you have problems.
Should you need technical or gameplay assistance, search for a relevant thread at the TTLG Thief FM Forum: http://www.ttlg.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?forumid=100
