Just My Luck
An FM by Grandmauden
for the NewDark Novice Contest

(NewDark 1.23 is required)

Filename		-   JustMyLuck_NNC.zip
TTLG Page	-   http://www.ttlg.com/forums/member.php?u=75648
Email		-   kk.mudkip@gmail.com
Version		-   1.0
Release Date	-   Feb. 18, 2016

Briefing
"I shares with them my fortunes and my wealths,
Yet they not bes satisfied; they bes wanting it all.
And now my pride and joys bes is stoled away.
Their headsies be is poisoned with greed.
So now bes it up to me to cure and heals them
By stealing away their precious lifesies."
- last page of a journal found in a desolate Pagan village

	Cobbleton Square has become a popular topic of conversation over the past few weeks. It's a place in the heart of Stonemarket where lower-class folks would come by to purchase some market goods, check out the local oddities, and enjoy a book in the public library. But one night, around the beginning of the month, a ghost was spotted walking around in the square. Initially, no one thought much of it, assuming it to be the ghost of a man who once lived in Cobbleton Square until he was ambushed and murdered by a thief in his home. However, more and more ghosts started to appear, attacking any passerby they laid their eyes on. People quickly took the hint, and now the square is completely deserted; even the locals who lived there and ran the shops are nowhere to be found.
	It's only logical to assume, then, that the residents might have forgotten some of their belongings in their rush to leave the specters behind. So tonight, you've decided to visit Cobbleton Square and see what you can scrounge up. Who knows? Maybe if you're lucky, you'll come away with a big score...

Play Information
Game				-   Thief II: The Metal Age
Level Name			-   Just My Luck
File Name				-   miss25.mis
Difficulty Settings		-   Normal / Hard / Expert
Equipment Store		-   No
Map / Automap			-   Nope and nope
New Graphics			-   Not any
New Sounds			-   Just a few copied from TDP
New Conversations		-   No way
New Models			-   Not a chance
EAX Support			-   Yes
Multi-Language Support	-   Just English for now
Briefing				-   This text file

Construction
Base					-   None
Build Time			-   2 months

Loading Information
Leave the file zipped and place it into your FM folder, then load it up in FMSel or Darkloader.

Author's Notes
-   Higher difficulty settings mean less health, less equipment, a higher loot requirement, and altered AI patrols.
-   I recommend that you crouch before trying to mantle through the windows. You'll be more likely to succeed.
-   A lootlist is included in the .zip file.

Credits
Beta-testers:
	bob_doe_nz
	Unna Oertdottir

Special Thanks:
Everyone who has written tutorials for DromEd and its various features.
Looking Glass Studios and Ion Storm for creating such a fantastic trilogy of games.
TTLG for keeping these games alive and well for so long.
Iceblade for running the NewDark Novice contest.

Copyright
This mission is © 2016 by Grandmauden (Kevin Kolpack)

You all know the drill. You can freely distribute this mission as long as it's free and everything in the archive is left intact. If you want to change something, just ask me first.

This mission was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios, Ion Storm, or Eidos Interactive.