        Keeper of Infinity
       Chapter I: Bad Venture

                         NewDark 1.22


           Author:	 		Soul Tear
           Contact: 		soultear999@gmail.com
           Release date: 		25.12.2014
           Version			1.1


                    SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

           Intel Core i5-4570 CPU 3.20 GHz, 8,00 Gb RAM, GeForce GTX 660
           Used textures with a resolution of 1024 px and a scale of 14.                        
           There are a lot of objects in the scenes.                     
           It's possible that fps might be low in places on slower systems

           Also requires:                        
           Option new_mantle enabled in cam_ext.cfg.
           Disable Enhancement Pack (I use other textures with the same names)                      
           
           

                    GAMEPLAY RECOMMENDATIONS

            The FM was intended to be dark and to play with 65% gamma, in a dark room, 
but since these conditions are detrimental to the eyes, it’s up to you how and where to play it.


                    TECHNICAL ISSUES

If you think that the game is taking too long, then try quitting the game using Task Manager and run it once again.
I can’t guarantee that you’ll be able to even run my FM, and/or its fps will be decent. My mission 
has reached some NewDark limits (it contains more than 6000 user objects). But since I’m not the
author of that nice patch, I did my best on my own.
On my rig, the FM crashes the game sometimes, especially in outdoor places, where fps is lowest. So 
if you’re having problems in such an area, it would be better to quit the game and reload. You may 
save as often as you want – there is no problem with that. However, if you see untexturized polygons 
(they usually appear as white ones), I don’t recommend saving at that point because the game will 
probably hang or crash, and the slot you used to save will lose its content.


                    DIFFICULTY

In this mission, I'm trying to avoid some stereotypes you might find in the old FMs. In particular, 
I'm using a different intensity values of the Receptor/Source settings than you probably got used 
of (I mean the situation when you'll have to use an inventory item on the outside item).
About tips: they do exist, but they are not specific. If you're lost, please ask me on forums, and I'll
help you. Everything is OK with my mission logic, you just need to understand it.
The quantity of equipment, enemies and loot depends on the difficulty you choose. Choose “Easy,”
if you want a walk in the NewDark park. If you play on "Easy," a bonus objective will be omitted.
If you’re afraid to miss some loot but are not afraid of lots of enemies, then choose “Hard.” 
Veterans should choose “Expert.”
Thus, this is a beautiful and difficult FM. Now, when you're aware of it, you can make your informed
choice: to play or not to play.



                    DESCRIPTION


      The Keepers want me to visit Konigsforst, a remote yet wealthy town. It seems that they are
 afraid something happened down there, but sometimes I just don't have the energy to laugh at
 their paranoia. On this occasion, a burst of anomalous energy occurred resulting in blue smoke
 belching from the windows. The Keepers’ Council worried that this could lead to disaster but if
 you ask me, I'd say that some egghead had dropped a vial with some chemicals and forgotten to
 clean his laboratory up. However, the Keepers never give me the whole picture.
I decided not to argue with them. Konigsforst had attracted my attention a long time ago –
 they say it has a jewel mine somewhere underneath the town. Besides, my landlord has raised
 the rent for the tiny room where I live which he calls “an apartment.” Actually, I just have a
 simple choice: either I get some money, or I leave. The last option is… well, not an option.
As usual before the “job,” I visited my old fence Jacob. He has relatives all over the country
 and he owes me for the low prices I set especially for him. Jacob is a man of few words which 
I appreciate very much. But this time he has insisted on a… remote communication and the
answer to my last query to him will be delivered by his man to a previously agreed place. The
only thing I know about his answer is that it’ll have some conditions.



                    PLAY INFORMATION 

           Game:				Thief 2: The Metal Age
           File name:			miss21.mis
           Difficulty Settings:		Yes
           Equipment store:		Yes
           Map/Automap:		Yes
           New graphics:			Yes
           New sounds:			Yes
           New models:			Yes
           EAX Support:			No
           Multi language support:	German, English, Russian
           Briefing:			No



                    CONSTRUCTION 

          Base:				From scratch
          Map Size:			Large
          Build Time:			23:07:34:38 (559 hours) + searching and resource creating






               CREDITS   



                TRANSLATORS

            Dront
            MoroseTroll
            Nickie
            Fortuni
            Zappenduster


                TESTERS
                
           
            Bikerdude
            Bob_doe_nz
            Chuzhoi
            FireMage
            Fortuni
            Gamophyte
            Garrett42
            Kurhhan 
            Ravenhook
            Soldi
            Xorak



                MAP

            Scrp007



                 TEXTURES


           Ardianna
           Daraan
           DrK
           David Gurrea Hernandez ( HYPERLINK "http://www.davegh.com" www.davegh.com)
           Gecko
           GORT
           LarryG
           Nameless Voice 
           Necrobob
           Nicked
           Purgator
           Renzatic
           Sensut
           Soul Tear
           Vigil ( HYPERLINK "http://www.washboardabs.net/thief/" www.washboardabs.net/thief/)
           Vurt
           Xorak
           PhotoRealistic: 
           CGTextures ( HYPERLINK "http://www.cgtextures.com" www.cgtextures.com)
           GenealogyInTime ( HYPERLINK "http://www.genealogyintime.com" www.genealogyintime.com)
           PlainTextures ( HYPERLINK "http://www.Plaintextures.com" www.plaintextures.com)

           Enhanced skies:
           Jermi


          Additional textures from games:
          Pathologic, Thief Deadly Shadows



                OBJECTS
 
            Christine
            Chuzhoi
            Daraan
            Eshaktaar
            LarryG
            Nameless Voice 
            Nicked
            Ottoj55
            PinkDot
            R Soul
            Schwaa
            Sensut
            Sliptip
            Soul Tear
            Targa
            TDBonko 
            The Watcher
            Vigil 
            Von Eins 
            Yandros   
            Zontik

          Special thanks to elvis for his perfect objects:
           10fence, beermug, beermugh, beermuge, boarhead, bochka, dblwheel, drova, fence22, fence3x8, 
           goddess, kamin, moose, nail, perilla, skaf, stairway



                 SCRIPTS 

            Nameless Voice 
            Telliamed



                 PAINTINGS

           Dominus (dominus.ttlg.com) - main menu
           Mancomb-Seepwood (mancomb-seepwood.deviantart.com) - Paint19
           Wraithdt (wraithdt.deviantart.com) - Ripoff8
           daRoz (daroz.deviantart.com) - Ripoff9
           wallpaperup.com - paint28



                 MUSIC AND SOUND

            Asmorod - Dark-Heart Procession

            Atrium Carceri
                 A Path Through Remembrance
                 A Stroll Through The Ancient City
                 Illusion Breaks
                 Knowledge
                 Meltdown      
                 Reincarnation Chamber

          Additional music from the games: 
                 Pathologic (Andriesh Gandrabur)

             Other sounds from FM: Broken Triad, Dracula - Reloaded, A Night In Rocksbourg 3, 
                 Rowena’s Curse, Ruins of Originia, The Seven Sisters

              Class Tag “VicSwitch” by Frobber
              Portable Lantern from Cathedral of The Damned



Special thanks to DrK for his “A Night In Rocksbourg”, and to Lady Rowena for her 
“The Seven Sisters.” I designed my mission trying to combine the atmosphere of these 
two perfect campaigns.
Thanks to Zontik for his detailed explanation on DromEd.
Also, thanks to everybody who creates FMs & resources for them, and to all taffers who play them.


Copyright Information

This level was made by Soul Tear.

Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. 
You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may 
edit this mission or modify it in any way.

This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
